All right, so it's time to get started with our exchange. Let's go over and type in private exchange into Google however you want to do it and you have a number of options with Bybit. I've got two accounts created with Bybit. So the account that I'm using is going to be the testnet account. But if you go straight to www.youtube.com, you will be essentially signing up for the live account. So if you go over to Bybit, you know, cryptocurrency trading platform etc and you were to create an account, maybe you already have one. But if you were to sign up, this would be the live Bybit account. So I'm going to encourage you to go and do that anyway, but it's really not required for this course in terms of the main net in terms of the live one. What is required for this course is for you to have a testnet account. So let's go back a step to Google and just put in here testnet. And so when you do that, you'll see there's an option for testnet dot by BET.com. Everything you see on testnet works exactly the same. The sign up process everything. My experience of using Bybit was exceptionally good, actually. So I can neither recommend them nor not recommend them, because that's not the purpose of this video. But what I will tell you is, you know, when using Bybit again, the customer service is absolutely fantastic. The experience in using their API for testing trading strategies, as you will find out here, has been brilliant. For those of you who are in the US who can't get access to Bybit for whatever reason. The principles will still apply, right? Every API is going to be different. You won't be able to follow the code line by line. But the principles of how to build a bot will still be the same. So just follow along as best you can and try to apply these to an exchange of your choosing. And the same goes for anybody who's watching this, who is, you know, interested in different exchanges and different types of trades and different ideas they've got. Again, you're going to learn the principles here. But for now, what you need if you are using the API from the private exchange is you need testnet. So I'm going to go over here to buy testnet and that takes me over here into Bybit. So I'm already logged in. I've got my account already set up, et cetera, just go through the process of creating an account. Now the one thing I'm going to say to you here is you're probably going to need to do this. When I created my private account, I had no call it dummy funds for trading. So, you know, for example, if I go here to the derivatives accounts, because that's what we are going to be using for Bybit. If I go to the derivatives accounts here, you can see that I've got, you know, 1.2 to one BTC, which is approximately $500k dollars. That's not real money, right? This is testnet money. So you don't need to use real money to test a trading strategy. You know, in the real world, yes, it's kind of different because you're not really having your trades executed, et cetera. But you know, it's the it's as close as, -- it, as you're going to get before you start using your your own money in your trading strategy. And so for those of you who've signed up to testnet, you're probably not seeing any money here. And usually it will happen automatically, which is what I believe should happen when I signed up. But it didn't. And it's actually really easy to get at what you do here as you click on this little chat bot in the corner. So just go to a page where you see that chat bot and I'm not going to type anything here. Right now you have a chat bot, so you do have a chat bot here at the moment, but select the language you want and then just say, Please, may I speak with a human and type in whatever you need to to get a human because it literally took minutes. It's like no time at all. It was so good. I've never in crypto, I have never experienced customer service like it, so I was really pleased. Somebody on the other end was like, Yep, what's your account ID? And you can go and get your account ID, et cetera. That's, you know, up here in the account section. So here you can see you ID. You know, I've got my I.D. up here right now. It's blurred out because I don't want to share my testnet ID with the world. But essentially, you know, you can go up here to get your user ID. You give that to them and they will go and put in testnet bitcoin. And then all you need to do once you've done that is you need to transfer. So you need, you know, you need to transfer essentially money into your derivatives account on the platform. And it's all pretty straightforward. Like you'll figure that out. You know, if you're used to trading crypto or putting crypto on an exchange at all, it'll be easier than anything you've ever done. It's very fast. In fact, it's instant. And then all you need to do is transfer as much money as you want to over to us dollar. Heather, because we are going to be using us dollars, Heather, you can see here I've got nine thousand eight hundred, but I've been using. I actually started with 10K in this US dollar tether account. That's dollars. The reason I'm down to 100 on that is because I'm placing tons of market orders. As for testing bots, right? So you're going to see that happens to you as well, because when you're placing market orders, you instantly, as you now know, you are instantly going to be down on capital because you're paying fees, et cetera. And when you're testing your algorithm in testnet, which you must do, please don't build a bot and then just make it live, you know, make sure it's working in testnet, you know, obviously, but you you will see your account balance go down when you're placing market orders, that's just going to happen. So right now, I've got about 9800 us on Tether and it's in here and ready to go. So that's, you know, that's just getting set up on Bybit. So, you know, go ahead, sign up to Bybit or whatever exchange you want to use, get set up and get, you know, dummy money, not your own money. You know, don't don't go and deposit your own money, please. This is really important because I do know crypto is quite new to some people who'll be watching this. You need to get test net money, right dummy money put in your accounts because you're not going to trade with again. You're not going to trade with real money. And I know that sounds obvious like Sean. Why do you keep saying that? It's just to protect people where maybe English isn't their first language or they're not very familiar with English and you know, they're excited to trade, they've got the money. I just want to make sure please don't use your money, use the testnet money. It's very important. All right. So I'll see you over in the next one where we're going to go and create our API.