Right, so hopefully by now, you've got your Bybit account set up, you've got some money in your Bybit account. It might have taken you a bit longer than you expected, but you know, if it's your first time doing anything that's totally normal, what we are going to do now is go and create our API access key and secret. This access key and secret is going to be what we plug into our code that allows us to access the Bybit trading API without having to log into Bybit, et cetera, right? So we can build about. We don't have to be locked into Bybit for it to trade cetera, and it can go and automatically execute trades. For us, it's very, very important you can't do the bot execution without it. So this step is very crucial. So go up here to your account at the top and scroll down and select API. Once you've done that, you'll come through to this page over here and it says, you know, API key, etc. And you can see I've already got two key set up. I've got a testnet and a testnet, too. You can call them whatever you want, but I'm going to go ahead and create a key with you right now. Now the one thing I'll say here is at the moment, you can see my testnet keys over here. Don't copy these and don't use these right. These are personal. You cannot use the same keys, et cetera, as I do. And by the time that you watch this course, these keys will no longer be available anyway, so you'll have to create your own. So what you want to do to create your own is you click up here on Create New Key and just keep the API transaction selected. And you can call this testnet like I did. You can call it something that makes sense to you. I'm going to call a testnet three as I'm creating keys. You know, I have used different keys for different reasons. It doesn't really matter. You don't need to. You can have just one key, but call it whatever you want to and you want, read and write and you want permission for orders, positions, USDC, derivatives trading trade. These three are the ones that these four are the ones that I just checked. You probably don't need all of this, and that's fine, but I just checked them anyway. And then wallets. I just left these unchecked because I'm not automating anything to do with wallet transfers, et cetera. If you want to do stuff like that, you will know how you know after this course. Anyway, you'll understand how the API works pretty well, but you don't need these for these course. You just don't. And in terms of IP, so you can specify the IP address and then the API, you know, the key and the secret will last forever. But if you go to all IPRs, then this will expire. This secret and key will expire after three months. So for now, just to keep things really simple and this is what I've done as well, I just select all types. And then once you've got something really working, you're really happy with it in your, you know, main net environment in the actual bybit. So not the testnet bybit, but the main net bybit right now. You should be in the testnet by bit. If you not, make sure you're over there, you know, then you can specify IPRs and go down that you go down that route so that your bot doesn't just all of a sudden stop executing, but for testing, testing your trading, etc. This is absolutely fine. And then you just go to submit and it's going to ask you for your Google, you know, two factor code. So I'm just going to go ahead and put that in. So once you've done all of that, it's going to present you with your API key and API secret. Now what you want to make sure you do is do not go and click understood yet, right? What you need to first do is copy this key. Copy it over into a text file or copy it somewhere where you can go and use it. And the same with the API secret copy. This you can see there's a copy icon here to copy it and copy this over here as well. So copy that key, copy that secret and go and paste it somewhere. Do not lose it. Do not share it with anybody. Especially when you're in Maine. It's very, very important that no one can ever access your API key and secret, because once they can, if you've got these things checked down here as well in terms of the account transfer, etc., you're not going to have a fun time, right? It's very dangerous. Just make sure you're keeping these, you know, very confidential and secret. And once you've done that, then you can go ahead and click understood and you'll see here. Now I've got testnet three. Here's my API key and secret, which is great. If you've got this far awesome, we are ready to rock and roll with the Bybit API.