A something that's going to be very, very important as we go through this exercise is we need to test the functions we're writing, not just because it's good practice and usually when I'm developing, I'm testing every line of code I'm writing as I go, but also because it's easier to understand what the function is doing. So I thought in this video, let's just take some brief time out and actually just test this function, make sure it's all working and that we can actually extract information out of an audiobook. So the first thing that I'm going to do is I'm just going to say, you know, from our web socket connect here, we're going to import import both our subs public, but we're also going to import out, you know, our web socket public as such. And what I'd like to do here is actually go back to what we had before so we can copy this information here. Well, true. You know, data equals website could fetch etc itself. That's no web socket. Public don't fetch subs public. And don't worry about where I'm putting all this code because we're going to delete it. Once we've tested this, we know it's working. I don't need it here, and we're just going to get rid of it, but we're going to fetch that first item, right? So if we go back to our web socket connection, here's that first item. I could easily just copy and paste that in, but I've just decided to call it from here. The subs public take that first item if they stay to print the data. So the first thing we're going to do here is actually just go and run this now. It's actually working. That's running pretty well. I'd already selected func calculations as where I want to run this from, by the way. So that should be what you need to switch to. If you haven't done that, right click here and go, you know, run func calculations. So that's how you can get that. Now, one other thing we can do is look what happens, I'll get rid of while true and what I'll do is just say, you know, if data print data. So if I just go and save that and run that, you should just see nothing. Nothing happens. So it only works here whilst it's running, you know, within this while true loop like that, I've essentially got over here, then we start seeing information pouring in. So if data, what I'm going to say is, you know, data is equal to, well, actually, we'll leave it as it is, then what I'll say here is let's call the get trade details as such. And let's say that this is, you know, mid-price stop loss in quantity, which is getting returns. So we'll see those three things are equal to get trade details. And if I scroll up to the top, we're going to pass in the order book, I'm going to pass in the direction, et cetera. And so here, in fact, instead of calling that data, I'm going to just call it order book. And if order book, then pass in order. Book to this and cupful, I'm just going to put it in a thousand. And then I'm just going to say, you know, print the mid-price, the stop loss and the quantity over here as such. So let's go ahead and do that. And there you go. Let me stop running that. So what this means is that it's working, which is great. It's saying, look, the mid price or the price, we're going to place the order that actually is this price. This is where the stop loss would be. And this over here is going to be the quantity and you'll see it's rounded the quantity. It's rounded the price is to four decimal places. It's done all of that for us here. So that function is working really well. And with that said, we can get rid of that. We can make sure there's, you know, one line below there. I'm just going to tidy up with some spaces between these functions and we are done with this tab.