Now, it's time to actually write the function that allows us to place an open order, whether it's for limits or a market order, so we're actually going to go ahead and do that right now. So that should be pretty straightforward. You know how to close orders, you know, how to set leverage, but now we're going to place an order. So this will be a function to place a limit or market order. And we're going to call this death place order. And that's going to take in a number of parameters. It's going to take in take a price quantity. It's going to take in direction. It's going to take in stop loss. And for now, we will leave it just as that. And then the variables are going to put his set variables. We're going to initialize the variables as the sides are equal by, but that doesn't mean it'll stay that way and then reduce only. There's going to be equal to false. And so that's set the variables. And then what we're going to do here is say, you know, place limit order. So this is if the order basis is limits. And if you remember here we are importing that limit order basis for open that we've got it as true. So that means it'll place a limit order. We put false. It means it would not. So let's put that down here. Let's actually go and place that limit order. So if limit order basis, we don't have to say is equal to true because it's a true statement in itself. It's a Boolean statement, I should say in itself, then order is going to be equal to session private dot place active order. Now you've seen place active order before. And so there's a number of parameters that that needs to take, right? So what are we going to do? Is we going to just type them out? So we'll put symbol is equal to ticker. We will put that the side is going to be equal to the sides and nothing you haven't seen before the order type. Now this is where this is, where this becomes very important that needs to be equal to a limit order because if the limit order basis is limit, that's what we need to do and the quantity is going to be equal to the quantity that we passed in. And the price is going to be equal to the price that we passed in and the time in force. So this is where we put either goods or canceled as we did before, but now we're going to put post only. And that's because we want to ensure a limit order gets executed as a limit order. If you were OK, if it you know you just wanted to get placed and you put, you know, goods or canceled or whatever and you didn't put post only, then it'll get executed sometimes as a market order if the price crosses against it. And that's okay, that can be part of your strategy now you know how to do it. So reduce only is it going to be equal to reduce only and close on trigger, so close on trigger. We always just leave that as false. And finally, the stop loss is going to be equal to the stop loss. So that takes care of placing a limit order. But if it's not a limit order, so else. In other words, if it's a market order, then the order is going to be equal to. In fact, we might as well copy all of this here and just make some changes. The order is going to be equal to the same thing, except now we need to change a few things. So the first thing we need to change here is that needs to be a market order, not a limit order. And we don't need a price. And the timing force can be good to cancel or reduce. Only can be left like that. Closing trigger can be false and stop loss can be false. And here reduce only we've just set up here to false. So truthfully speaking, we might as well just leave that as false over here and down here as well. We'll just put it to false so we can get rid of that as it is now. The interesting thing here is we've basically trapped the side at the moment to say bye. And so one of the things you know we need to do is we need to alter the side depending on whether the direction is a long or a short. So what we'll say here is let's rather than doing that, let's say if direction is equal to long, then side is equal to by else. Side is equal to sell and that will take care of the side for us. In other words, if we put the direction in short, it'll put a sell sell item for the side. If we put long, it'll do a buy item. So one way you could shorten this is you could put direction on the end, defaulted to long and only change. The site, if the direction actually comes through, is short, but I'm just going to leave it like this for now. And then finally, what we need to do here is return the order. So here we would just return order as such. So this is very useful. Let's see. So we've got to take a price, a quantity, a direction and a stop loss. I'm not going to go and test this function. Yet there's another function first that we're going to do, which will be called initialize order execution, which will get the mid-price and everything so that we can test this order and we will do that right in the next session.