Let's go and pop over to Bybit for a second and just discuss about liquidity, because one of the things we want to do is we want to be able to place market orders and limit orders. Now the problem that we're going to have when we go ahead and place limit orders is you're going to find very quickly that we we run into a number of issues. So let's say you have a quantity of, you know, 3000 worth of whatever the coin is, right, matic that you want to buy on a limit order. Well, look how much is sitting here, you know the bits in the asks. It's very unlikely that your order is going to get filled very quickly. And also, you know, it's it's sitting there. There's there are people that are going to just see you sitting there and they're going to have some kind of trading strategy against you. That's my view anyway. And so my view is we need to try to be a bit smart here. Right. So if we are going to place limits orders to get into a position, let's just figure out what the average trade size is that is getting, you know, sold on the, you know, sold to the bits of board from the asks. Let's figure out what those average sizes are. And either place our orders in line with that average size or below. I just do it at the average size. Before I divided that by two, I would even lower. But I just felt that was a bit too much. But you know something where you know that beyond reasonable doubt, you should get filled right as long as the price doesn't move against you very quickly. More often than not, you should get filled. Well, that's the hypothesis, anyway. So that's what I want to build in here. I want the ability. I want a function that you can just call that will tell you, right, what is the average amount traded? And then the idea is you will just go in and place many limit order trades, and that doesn't mean your costs go up. They go up relatively right. So if you're placing limit orders on post only, actually your rebate will still be the same as if you placed all of it at once and got filled all at once, depending on what prices you're getting in. So this is, you know, something you can really hone in on. You can modify, you can adapt. It might be a little bit too much for this course, but I did want to, you know, put it in because I thought it would be very useful for everyone. And so what I'm going to do, I'm actually going to put it in the same file as the func price calls, even though it's not really in the spirit of those. I just don't want to create a whole new file just really for this function here. So what are we going to do is we're going to just call this, you know, get trade liquidity. And it's going to be as follows. That will be death, yet ticker trade liquidity. So here I might as well call that get ticker or get trade liquidity for ticker. You know, I'm just being pedantic now. And so this will be ticker and within that, we're going to, you know, we're going to get some information. So we're going to call this trades and that's going to be, you know, public again and that's going to be dot public trading records. And that takes two parameters. So the symbol which is going to be equal to our ticker and it's going to take the limit, which I'm just going to put his 50. So, you know, that's me saying, I want, you know, give me 50 sort of 50 levels from the order book. And so that's what that's going to do. And here I'm going to say, you know, get the average average liquidity, which is what I'm going to base this on. But you know, again, you should really feel free to modify this, but you do not want to run and buy exactly like everything I've built, because that's not going to give you any edge. So here we've got, you know, trades equals session public. Let's just call this get get trades history, and that's going to get that for us. And then we're going to, you know, initiate a list here. We're going to call it the quantity list. And within that, we're going to say if there's a result, you know, in the trades that we got above keys, which there should be if it worked, if we get a result in that, then for trade in trades results, you know, do the following here. So quantity list don't append. And that'll be the trade quantity. Right? Let me explain what we're doing here. So we're getting a list and we're getting all the quantities from the historical trades in that list. And then we're going to use that list to work out what the average is. So here I'm just going to say, you know, if the so we'll do that here, if the length of the quantity list is greater than zero, then what we want to do over here is, say, return the sum of the quantity list as we've got here. So we're going to sum that list divided by the length of the quantity list. So that gives us the average and that needs to be here. Something else we're going to return as well, which is going to be the float, it's going to be a number of the trades results and we need to, you know, take this from the first item in the array that returns. And that'll be the price as well. So we'll see more about this, what it's doing when we actually come to run it. But let me give you an idea now anyway. Otherwise, you know, we'll return zero, by the way. And in fact, because there's two things we returning above. There's two things here. What we're going to do is actually return zero zero. If that didn't work, so this will be return. We'll call this return output. And here we'll say get the list for calculating the average, the average liquidity. So here let's go and put in a ticker here and test this out, right? So if we put in, you know, get to a trade liquidity and here we're going to call this matic used. Let's see what that returns here. So we'll just say, in fact, let's put this. Let's take this here and say average liquidity here. And let's call it here. The result trades price, and that's going to take this float. Yeah. So I'm actually just going to break this down. So it's not so unreadable. So that's going to take one thing there and return it, and that's going to take the other. And that's how it's going to work. And then what we'll do here is actually just print both of these results here. And if we get a number, you'll see what's going on over here. So let's go and run this as follows and see what happens. And there you go. So the four matic average amount getting placed here is $109 06. The current price at the moment here is one point six one eight. And so. That's what we're getting one point six, one eight. That's the kind of the price that's getting returned and then the average size is basically one two nine oh six, and I'm calling it liquidity, but you sort of see what I mean. This is if you were to place an order here at one hundred ninety six, the reality is it's probably going to get filled because that's on average in the last 50 steps of the historical trades. What has got filled? So that's worked fantastically well done. Let's get rid of that. We don't need it anymore. And we are now ready to move on from the function price calls.