Now, in order to, you know, get the latest C score and use that within our boats, et cetera, we actually need the calculation for the Z score. We need to get the spread and we need to get the metrics as well in terms of CO integration, et cetera. And now we already have a lot of those stats or metrics, et cetera. We already have those in our strategy folder. So if we go and look down here, we've got this Funko integration. It's got the Z score, it's got the spread and it's got the CO integration. There's no need to retype all of that out again. So what we're going to do? I'm not going to use the code in here. I'm going to create our own folder here. I'm going to create a new Python file within execution, and I'm going to call this func stats. And within that func stats, I'm basically going to copy all of this. We don't need to extract close prices because we've already dealt with that. I'm going to copy all of this over here, and that is it. That is everything they're set up, except what we need to do is change this to config execution API and also get rid of import -- because we don't need that because we're not doing the extract that we were doing down here where we were extracting or sorry, the extract. Where was it funcao integration, extract clothes, prices? We're not doing that. We're not doing get cut integrated pairs, et cetera. We're not doing any of that stuff. So that is good enough to close that and something I did actually before starting this video, by the way, is I'll close that as well. It's just right click and close other tabs, right? It just cleans up all the tabs you have open and it makes things a lot easier. So for now, let's leave the Z score as we have it, the spread, as we have it, the CO integration, you know, exactly as we have it. But there is one thing actually, I'm thinking here in terms of CO integration, we really don't need this massive array of objects here because we already, you know, did all that analysis. So what I'm actually just going to return here is I'm going to return the current flag and I think the Z score probably as well. I think what we'll do is instead of doing the zero crossings, what we'll do here is create something called a Z score list. So we'll take that C score list. And what we'll do there is just go, you know, calculate C score, which we've actually got above here. And in order to calculate the Z score, what we actually need is just the spread. It's all we need is the spread from here. So we'll do that. We've got the spread now. We've got the calculation of the Z score. We've got that in a list because if you look here, it returns the Z Score Dot as Typekit Flow Dot values. So that should give us the list and we should be able to then go and return this Z score list here. But I'm just going to make sure it's correct. I'm going to put, you know, return that Cisco List to list and make sure that that is correct. And so that's how we do it. These functions, they should work. You know, I've made some minor adjustments here. There might be something iffy going on somewhere that will pick up, you know, further down the line. But honestly speaking, I think that this should be OK. There might be one or two bugs, but we'll come across them. So rather than me typing these all out and rethinking through all of this here, let's just copy what we've already got and now move on to the next session.