Now, there's only a few more functions that we really have to write in order to get going with building our execution right with putting everything together and starting to make sense of it all. And, you know, one of those functions. In fact, a few of them are going to be to do with checking whether we have any open positions just as a binary track. You know, do we have any positions open? Yes or no? Do we have any active positions open? Yes or no? You know, the other things we need to do is actually get information from the open positions as well or active positions, too. So that's something that we're going to cover now. And then we're going to write one final query to basically query an existing order. So that's just to get the information from an existing order so we can check the status. And so these are sort of all the very bare bones building block type functions. We're just going to power through them. I'm going to see if we can get these done within a couple of sessions. So again, we're not going to do much testing here for these functions. We're going to write them out and then we're going to plug them into the strategy, start building the strategy and, you know, test and correct as we go. But hopefully, you know, we won't be making many mistakes there. The important thing is that we do a good job of the debugging, and the reason why I'm taking this approach is, you know, I do feel that there's a lot of coding here and a lot of time taken to watch these videos. And I really admire the effort that you're going through to be watching all these videos. It's a lot of content, right? There's a lot to get through and you're doing such a great job. And what I want to do is for these more simple functions where it's kind of logical what they're going to do and they're relatively short is just, let's power through them and get going. So with that said, I'll stop talking so much. You know, let's go over here and well, that's all I'm going to do is be talking. Actually, we create a new function, new Python file again, and we'll call this funk. And this will be to do with the opposition. So we'll call them sorry position calls, and that'll be the function for those. So that's essentially what we're going to do there. And what are we going to say here is we're going to say from, you know, the config execution API import session private and that's the only import that we have to make. So the first function here is going to be, you know, to check for open positions. And to do that, we're going to, you know, define a function, open position confirmation. And that's going to take into account the ticker. And so what we're going to do here is we're going to put a try statement to make sure there is a position there and if not, it'll return false. So we're going to say position is equal to session five. It's dot my position, which you've seen before, and the symbol is going to be equal to the ticker for that. My position. And we can say if position. And here we're just going to say, you know, return message just because I for some reason like doing that is equal to OK. And that needs to be a double equals because it's an if statement, if that is equal to OK, then for item in position. And here we go. A result within the results of that, if the item size is greater than zero, then return true. So let's just talk through logically what that's doing in a moment. But we do need to close off this try. So we're going to say except here. So if that doesn't work, we're going to return true as well. And the reason for that is if there's a problem with the bot, what I wanted to do is just return true because if it says that's a position, it's not going to try to open anymore. And so the safest thing to do is just to for it to assume that there is a position. Otherwise we're just going to return false. And so what is this doing is basically saying, right, let's look at the positions. If we find any size, whether it's buy or sell whatsoever, then there's a position. Just return. True, very, very straightforward. And we're going to copy all of this over here. That's for the open positions. And now we're going to do it here for the active, so active positions. So this is active position confirmation. And in fact, I should have told that really active order, but I'm going to call it active position confirmation for the time being. And this is going to be active order. So I'll call it that down here and that is not my position, but it's going to be get active order as follows. And the simple ticker is going to be the symbol ticker just like we have. So the symbol equals ticker is going to be the symbol equals ticker just like we have here. But there's a number of items that, you know, qualify to us as there being an active order and they are as follows, so that need to either be created. It needs to be. Knew it needs to be partially filled or it needs to be active, and these come from the API documentation. You know, there's some fine print in there in the documentation that says, you know, you can basically filter on these. So this is what's going on. These are the ones I care about that. Tell me whether an order is active or not, right? It's in the system. The system's aware of it. So if the active order return message is OK as follows, then we're going to just change some of this here. So if that is OK, then we're going to say if active border. And here we're going to say results. And the result is going to have some data in it, as we should see from the API doc and also from playing around before. If that is equal to none, right? So if that is equal to none as follows, then sorry, if that is not equal to none, then return true. So what that what does that mean? That means that if there's something, there's not nothing, there's something, then there is an order, right? So that's important. Otherwise we're going to return true. And then finally, if there's a problem, we'll return true. Otherwise we'll return false. So it's exactly the same as the open position, but that's what we're doing here for the active position. So, you know, when we think about it and we go back here, these are the functions for this very first bit. Right? Well, true check positions, check active orders. Well, you've just written the functions that are going to do that for us. So let's pause it there. And then in the next video, we're going to actually, you know, do more around working with those those orders or at least getting more details, the same kind of functions, but getting a bit more detail from them.