Now, even though we have two functions, which essentially just tell us if there's either an open position or an open active order. One thing we don't really have as much information from those, you know, what are what are the quantities involved in those, et cetera. Now, really, one of the things we could do is just modify the existing functions here. And therefore, if they return a quantity or anything, then you know, we will assume that they're true or false and also make use of the quantity, et cetera, when when we need it in other places. And you might be thinking, Well, what do you mean by needed in other places? Well, if you think about it, if you're placing limit orders and you want to know they've filled, you need to know what the quantity is given a current position. If there is a quantity or if there isn't, then you know it's either filled or not, etc. You need the order status you need. You know, you need this kind of information just generally. But what I'm going to do is actually create two more functions that get that information, and you don't have to do that. We could combine the functions and be a bit more intelligent with our code. But I just just for clarity on what each function is doing. I'm going to create, you know, two new functions. So here we're going to basically get open position. Price and quantity. And so here what I'm going to call this is I'm just going to call this sorry death, you know, get I'll just call it def get open positions because that implies we're getting some information from this and we're going to pass in a ticker and also the direction we're going to default to too long for the time being. So here we go. Let's go and get some information. So we're going to take the position so you have a get position and what we're going to say or get position. What we're going to say here is position is equal to session private and that is going to take, you know, my position and that is going to actually that means that session private dot my position. And with that, we need to take the symbol and make that equal to the tickets. Same thing we've done before. And now we're going to select the index to avoid looping, so select index to avoid looping through response. And what this means is I don't need to loop and kind of cheat like we did above here and just loop through everything. It's another reason why I've kind of separated the function. I need to know if it's a long, then I know it's a buy, and I know that I need to get the first part of the array that gets returned. If it's a cell, I need to get the second part of the right that's returned. So we'll call. This index is equal to zero. In other words, get the first part of the array. If the direction is equal to long else, the index should be one. And here we are going to construct, construct, sorry, a response. So what I'm going to say here is if return message is in position dot key. Same thing as we've been doing a lot of the time up until now. Then if position. And this will be return red message. Just like we've got here, return message is equal to. OK, then we're going to power on through here. So if this symbol? If Simple is in the position results, so same thing we've done before, but now we're going to specify the index, so it'll be a zero. If it's a long, it'll be a one if it's a short squeeze. I'd say if the symbol is in there, then the order price is equal to because we're going to return. The price is equal to the position results and this year will be the index and that will be the entry price because that's what this returns. If you go to my position again, if you look at the documentation on the API, you will see that my position returns something called entry price, which is tapping. We're tapping into that basically and then the order quantity. So what I'm going to do is just copy this and the order quantity. As follows is going to be equal to the size, right, because that's called size. And so what we're going to do here is we're going to return the order price and the order quantity. That's what we're going to do there. Otherwise what are we going to do? Is return zero comma zero. Otherwise, what are we going to do here is do the same thing. So if return message is in key, so let me just check that here we've got one two, three ifs. Then we've got the return. We've got another return here. Buy this if. And then finally, what I want to do is have the final return here. So basically, we'll get a zero if there's nothing to return here. We'll get a zero quantity and zero price. Otherwise, you know, we should get a price and a quantity. So that's that one. And now we're going to do the same bit for active positions. So I'm going to copy all of this and I'm going to paste it down here. So I've just copied all that code. And here I'm going to say, you know, get active opposition price and quantity. So this year is going to be, you know, get active positions and this only need to take the ticket. We don't need a direction for this. We don't need an index for this. We're not going to call this position. We're going to call this active order. So actually, I'm going to scroll up here to this active order we had above. I'm going to copy essentially copy this and come down back here, and this will be our active order as follows. And that's going to be again created new, partially filled or active. So same thing. The simple is going to be equal to the ticker. We're going to call this active order. All of this is going to be the same and this is going to be active orders. So if return message is in active order dot keys and if active order return messages, OK, then we're going to do some stuff here. So then we're going to say we'll get rid of this here. We'll say if active order and in here, we're going to put results data. Same thing we did above is not equal to none. Right. So there's something there, if that all checks out, basically, then the order price is going to be equal to the active order. And that's going to we're going to get that price from the results and we're going to take from the results into the data and it's always going to be the first item we see. So we don't need an index for that. And here we're going to say price and the order quantity. So I'm going to duplicate that. So order quantity is equal to the active order. That's the results data zero. And here this will be quantity as follows. And then the important thing we need to do here is same as above, you know, turn the order price and the order quantity. So very good. We're able now to get price in quantity for any active orders for that ticker, and we're able to do the same thing for any open positions as well for that ticker. And so this is going to be, you know, very, very helpful for us to actually manage, you know, where are these trades outs if we've placed a limit order? How is it partially filled? If so, you know, what do we do with that, et cetera? If you're just doing market orders, you don't need any of this, right? If you but if you're going to do limit orders where you get a rebate, this you will see you will see it come into action, you're going to see it play out. And this is going to be exceptionally useful for you.