So the very last function that we need to ride on the position calls is going to be to get information for an active order. So if you remember when we tested out placing orders, we got an order ID. Well, that order ID can equally be very useful to know where an order is in terms of its status. So why not get information about that order price that we place, the quantity and its status? That's going to be enormously useful for when you're placing limit orders? So let's go ahead and actually build that in right now. We'll just put it at the bottom here. So we say, you know, query. So what we'll call it actually, we we'll say query existing order as follows. And so that's going to be, you know, def query underscore existing order and well, what is that going to need and it's going to need a ticker might as well pass the ticker in and we might as well also pass in an order I.D. and we may in fact pass in a direction. I don't think we're going to use that, but I'll post it in here for now, just to be safe. And then so here what I'm going to do is I'm just going to put in a query order and that's going to be as follows. So we're going to say, you know, order is equal to session private and that's going to be query, not existing order. There's going to be query active. So query active order just like we've got over here and that there is going to take in some information here. So instead of putting session private again, that needs to be a dot sorry and closed that there it's a query. Active order. Right. So what do we need to put in here? We need to put the symbol which is going to be equal to the ticker. And we also need the order underscore ID, which should be equal to the order ID that we're passing in. So that's essentially what we're going to do there and here. We're just going to construct a response. So construct response and this is going to be same as usual. You know, if there's a return message in order dot keys and if you're not following this return message, et cetera, sometimes it's different to other times just go to the API documentation. I I'm not going to refer to it on every query we make. Just find it there. So for example, if we query an active order, this is what we're doing right now can see it takes in a symbol and an order ID, and this is the response that it should be returning. So that's something to, you know, just bear in mind, if you're not sure what I'm doing here, it's actually a good thing for you to be using that documentation and reading it. The more self-sufficient you become at that, the less you're going to need, you know, any courses from anyone. You know, these courses already are here to just help you jumpstart so you don't have to waste the hours I wasted trying to, you know, work all of this stuff out. It's very useful for you to actually go in, you know, read this documentation, as mentioned before. So I'm just typing as I'm talking here because everything is pretty much the same as what we did before. This is going to be taking the order results and it's a price. So let me just check the API quickly. Yeah, price is what it returns. So we're going to get that. That'll give us the order price and then it's duplicate that to get all the quantity and the order quantity is going to be equal to result. Q, T, y and in the order status. So over here, the order status is going to be equal to the result here, and that will be order status as follows. And then from that, what we're going to do is return order price. We're going to return the order quantity and we're going to return the order status. And there you go. And if we don't have those three things, then what are we going to do is we're going to return zero zero zero because there will be nothing there to return if we didn't already go and return this information. So that will be our response. That is the end of the functions in respect to the function, the position calls and I will see you in the next session.