Very soon, we're going to get into putting this all together and building a budget, but we do need to just lay out the groundwork, one more function file here. So if I right click on my execution and, you know, select a Python file and we're going to call this funk trade management. And what is this going to do? Well, let's go over to our plan over here, and it's going to take care of this. This managed new trades, right? It's going to be the container function which ties all the other functions together in order for all of this to be managed and send back information, whether we need to close the trade, et cetera. So we're going to create just the shell for this now. And then we're going to head over into the section where we actually start putting this all together. The first thing is this just bring in some imports and get this set up. This really is not going to be a very long video, but it's going to be very, very important. So we want to import signal positive ticker and I'm going to duplicate that about six times, I would say. Probably got one too many there. And so we also want to signal negative ticker. We want to bring in the signal trigger threshold that's going to be our Z-score threshold and our tradable capital USD T. These are all items we've already set together, so I'm not going to spend long talking about them. And then here we've got the session, not public, sorry, but session private that we need to bring in as well. And then we need to bring in some functions. So from func price calls, func price calls, we need to import get to trade liquidity from funk. And here we go. Get Cisco, get Cisco to import, get the latest Z-score and then from func execution calls, we want to import initialize order execution. That's going to be what actually goes in places the open trades or places the orders. And then from Func Order review down here, then what we want to do is import check order. And then finally, we're going to import time. So it's a lot of imports there. If you've missed any, don't worry, it'll show an error when you try to call them. But this year, we're going to call this main sort of function. We're going to call this manage new trade assessments. And sort of spelled assessment incorrectly, assessments and order placing. And this is going to be a very important function. It's going to be like the body of the bot. And here we're going to manage new trades and that is going to take in out kill switch, which we're going to start talking more about very, very soon. And what are we going to do here is just put pass for now just to create that empty shell. So with that said, we're ready to jump over to the main execution tab. I'm going to close all other tabs and just leave this open. And on the main execution, you should now be able to start importing things as well. Up here, we're going to do what we did before. We're just going to remove Panda's future warnings just in case that starts popping up for you. So we're going to import warnings. And same thing we did in the strategy section. I'm going to say warnings, dot simple, simple filter. And then we're going to pass in the action, which is going to be equal to ignore. And we're going to pass in a category which is going to be equal to future warning. So that'll get rid of those. And then here we've got some general imports to bring in and our general imports. We're going to do the following. So from config execution, config execution, sorry import signal, positive ticker and duplicate that. And we also need to signal negative ticker. And from func position calls over here, you need to import open position confirmation and also active position confirmation. And from func trade management, we need to import manage new trades and from func execution calls, import set leverage and from func close positions. We need to import close all positions. And lastly, we're going to import time and just for the sake of doing it, it might be worth also having the ability just to save the status of the bot to adjacent file that you can query at any time. So actually, we'll create one more Python file and we'll call this func save status. That's just going to be for saving the status of our bot so we can pick it up any time. And then we're going to import Jason and we're going to save the status, save status, nothing you've never seen before. This is going to be a function called save status. And what it's going to do is take in a dictionary and it will save that dictionary. So with open save that dictionary as status dot JSON. That needs to be saved as a right file as FP. And then we going to Jason, dump that file that dictionary file FP. With an indentation of force or nothing we haven't done already before, and that's going to allow us to do that if we go back to our main execution. We're going to say, you know, from funk save status to import safe status and that will deal with all of our imports that we need to get started with Albert. And finally, what are we going to do here? Similar to what we did with the strategy section is how we're going to run stuff out. And the way we're going to do that is say, if underscore, underscore name, I'm just going to score is equal to underscore, underscore, sorry, underscore, underscore main like such. Then here, I'm just going to print hello. And that is the start of a bots, so by now, let's just group that strategy folder. You should have all of these functions here built. We're in currently in the main execution. We're going to do some checks can then trigger the trade management. So if we look back here, you know, we're going to do some checks here where we connect to our sessions, et cetera. We're going to import all of that. We're going to set the leverage. Then we're going to start the bot running. We're going to check our positions. We're going to manage the new trades. Go through all this logic. Close any trades we need to rinse and repeat. We've been through it all. Let's go through it again together now. But let's do it with code, so I will see you in the next section.