Welcome to this course on statistical arbitrage using Python, where we build a trading bot called STAT Bot, and I'm very, very excited to deliver this course to you because, you know, we did the triangular arbitrage course before it had such good reviews and ratings and such great feedback. But one of the comments that did come back and I got a lot of emails on this too, was What about execution, right? How do we actually go and trade the opportunities we find? And so in this course, really, we leave no stone unturned. We go through the execution. We talk about trading principles. We talk about how to code that up. And I talk you through every single line of code in Python, what it means and how it relates to the intuition. And we do that for both the strategy and the execution side. This course has been a long time coming. I've been so excited to deliver this for you and I cannot wait to walk through, you know, video by video tutorial, by tutorials, session and session in module module through all of this course with you now before we get into all the great stuff, because truly, there is some really great stuff in this course. I do want to level our expectations before we get going because I know there's a variety of people who are coming from different backgrounds, you know, some of which you are quite seasoned in trading and others where trading is completely new to them. And what I want to do is make sure that everybody is on the same page and that your expectations are set, met and exceeded through the course. You know, it's very important to me that I give everything my all and I can tell you now I am putting everything into this course that I've got where that I think will benefit you. But in reality, you know, most people they will think of, for example, a trading bot, and the expectation is this lovely, juicy, tasty burger. And in reality, they get a bun with some cheese and some slivers of meat or whatever in the bun. They just don't get what they expect. And the reasons for that will become so clear to you in the course, because you're going to understand not only how to place trades manually, how to place trades with Python and automate that, how to find arbitrage opportunities. But you got to understand how the markets work. I'm going to take you through, you know, how the markets actually moves. And when we go through actually trading on the exchange, we'll be in testnet. I will take you through the order book and what actually moves price, but in detail so that anyone can understand it. So we're going to go through all of that as well. And you've got to understand why it is a complete waste of time and money to go out there and buy trading bots and why you need to rely on your own savvy, your own intuition or partner with someone who knows what they doing on the coding or the strategy side, depending on your strength. But you need to test things yourself. You are not going to get a bot out of this course that makes money while you sleep. It might do. It might also lose money while you sleep. You're not going to get that. That's not the purpose of this course. The purpose of this course is to teach you how to find the opportunities and then the strategy and how you execute them is up to you. But what I will take you through is all the complex strategies, such as setting limit orders, getting positions filled at the best price. The difference between the limits in the markets. Getting market, making rebates like we do all of that for real. Building a testnet bot that you can flip with one line of code to production, right? All of that. We go through all of that. So expect that because that's what you're going to get. But do not expect that you're going to be able to retire after taking this course, right? This is not going to make you financially free. You're not going to get rich from this course now. Hopefully, the material in this course gives you what you needed to get you on your path to becoming very successful in your trading career. Right? That's that's a big hope of mine, but I cannot promise that, and I cannot promise that you will make profit from any boat that you build nor take from this course. Now, with that said, because I don't want to put a dampener on your excitement here at the same time. With that said, I do, you know, I do this all the time. I look for trading strategies all the time and on the channel over crypto. It's as well. If you're ever interested, you can follow the video is there. I don't recommend it because we keep that, you know, I keep the community fairly small, so this has to be something you're passionate about. If it is, it's the right channel for you. If it's not, don't bother, but you can follow the, you know, any bots I build and test. You know, I will be publishing the results there. And as you will find out later in the course, there's not just one, but, you know, whilst I am building, you know, the code and walking you through the code, there's another bot running in the background and we look at the results of that and we talk about the difference between that and the bot that we selected to build, which is the much harder one, right? You and I, we're going to build the much harder bot and then we get to see why I actually like the other one and I'm going to walk through. You through that as well. So there's a lot of execution focus here. But even if you just stopped its strategy, right, just the strategy section alone is going to show you how to find co integrated players in Python and how to rank them based on how often they cross the zero mark. You're right, and that's not going to mean much to you right now. But for those of you who know what statistical arbitrage is already, you're going to know how valuable that is, right? So that alone is worth your time going through. And I do recommend, even if you know, statistical arbitrage, even if you've been trading for years, I still recommend you go through every module and through every video because they might be one thing that you hear that you didn't know that changes the game for you. So, you know, don't try and rush this all at once. Take your time with the course. But, you know, pay attention, take it seriously. And with that said, let's get started because there's a lot of exciting stuff coming up and I'll see you in the next session.