So why am I sharing this information with you? Why build a course teaching people the secrets of statistical arbitrage and how to execute them with a bot literally line by line? Like why share this? And because this information, you know, it's not easily found online, if at all, anywhere. Why am I doing it and why am I making this available if it's so great? Well, I think there's a number of answers to that, but let's answered by asking you a couple of questions first. So, you know, take a look at this price chart here. It's rose Uist on a tether versus fit. You still a tether? What do you notice? I don't even know what those cryptocurrencies are, by the way, I picked these out this morning just very randomly in about five seconds. But what do you notice about these two prices? How about these ones over here? C-H versus Gahler USDC? What do you notice about these prices? And what do you notice about this one here, BTCS versus us versus R&R? What do you see happens here with these prices? Now let's go back to this one because I actually really like this one. But what I notice when I look at these prices is they cross each other a lot. Right. They move very much like each other, but not exactly like each other like this. Occasionally, there are these gaps that they form, right? This happens all the time. This is an hourly chart for all of these hourly. Over two weeks, every hour, price is taken. And here are flooded this chart here. So again, I picked this out in about five seconds. Earlier today, it really didn't take very long. But the point is, how would you make money? How would you make money with this chart over here? Well, a lot of people, you know, they will look at a stock or a crypto and they'll try and buy low, sell high, and that makes sense to try and do. But as you'll learn in this course, that's extremely difficult and you're going to you're going to understand why it's extremely difficult. You got to understand the markets here in the first sections of this course. If you didn't already, you will. When I look at this, I say, OK, well, this is interesting. I wonder if mathematically they've always had this kind of relationship. And if so, then wouldn't it make sense when the gap between them is really big to go short on one and long on the other? How does that look? So let's get our pan over here, and let's get our highlights as a pen color, which you sign so would not go short. Over here, right? And let's say long over here, because no matter what happens in the market, if I'm short on this one in London, this one, whenever they converge again, like they did over here or like they did over here, whenever the prices say, converge again, I've made money. If the market goes up, it doesn't matter. If the market goes sideways, it doesn't matter if the market goes down, it doesn't matter. My position is not reliant upon the market going up. It's not relying upon the market going sideways. And it's not really relying upon the market going down. Huh. Wouldn't that be useful right now, a lot of you already know this because you followed the channel. You understand what integration is. You know what statistical arbitrage is. And if you don't, don't worry because we're going to talk through it here. But wouldn't that be helpful? Now, statistically, there is a relationship between these two prices, and statistically we could calculate that and we don't even need to know the mess. I'm terrible at mess. Terrible. I used to play Monopoly with my ex-wife, and I used to count on the board incorrectly. Well, that's probably not very reassuring for you. But she used to get so annoyed because I was messing up the game. So my maths is terrible. But my intuition around what the message telling me is usually pretty good. And what I can tell you here is there is a mathematical relationship, and the reason I know that is because I have statistical measures that tell me that. And you're going to be able to calculate all of these yourself. Well, it's going through this course. So obviously, the snapshot comes from the crypto as its platform, which I'll talk through a lot because it's the tool I'll use for everything, right? So a lot of this stuff doesn't exist anywhere else. But you don't need access to crypto was its right to do this course. You just don't. And I'll keep saying that to remind you. Right? But here are some statistical measures. And so these opportunities, by the way, they are everywhere. Literally, there were probably about, I would say, 50 that I found just this morning, just on Binance alone in seconds 50 of these pairs that you could potentially trade. So that's very interesting. Let's, you know, then have a look at this. Well, if that's so great, then how many exchanges are there that I can potentially trade on? Well, the one we're going to focus on in this course is Bybit, and there's a reason why we selected that exchange. And I'll tell you now to save you waiting. The reason is because look at this, we get a rebate for making the market for placing limit orders right. We get money back. Doesn't matter if we ride on the direction or not. Doesn't matter. We still make money, right? So that's something that's very interesting. But look at all these exchanges here like this. Actually, when I looked at this on CoinMarketCap, this 36 of these exchanges. And if you were to truly squeeze out every possible CO integration piece of analysis, you would have hundreds. In fact, in this course, you will find that we uncover hundreds of pittock of potential opportunities for arbitrage trading hundreds. The trick is it takes so much time to test them all. There's no free lunch, right? There's never a free lunch. Always have to work for it. You already know that. So why am I teaching this to you? Well, two reasons I'm not interested in building bots that are making millions of dollars trading. Solving the problem of trading is extremely hard. There are people with PhDs that run hedge funds that are losing money, right? We're retail traders. We don't I don't have a master's degree in financial trading. Maybe you do. And probably mathematically, you're a lot more advanced than I am. And that's OK. I don't need to be advanced for this. What I'm looking for is an edge. Where can I take little bits of money out of the market? Where can I find the gaps and share them with others? My interest is in building a platform. Crypto is its is what I live and breathe. It's what I love building. It's what I love doing. You know, when I'm not in full time work or I've got time outside of work, I'm developing that platform because I love it. I've loved trading since I was 17 years old. Loved it. And I've been researching the markets for 20 years following everything I can online and now moving to papers that get published because I cannot find what I need anymore online. Right. So you get to that place where you just you realize how much opportunity there is, especially in crypto, which we won't be going into in this course around why I'm selecting crypto over stocks, etc. But we will touch on some topics about that. My interest is in growing a community of like minded retail traders who like finding an edge and who know right? They've been in the market long enough to know that almost everything they've learnt online doesn't help them make money. And when they get to that place, that's when I want that community. So that's what I'm building. My passion is teaching. I love teaching and I love finding gaps in the markets and doing this course is a way for me to combine those two things. Not only do I get to build about, but I get to teach and talk about it and talk about the pitfalls and where it can be improved. And if you want to know how the bot ends up to skip to the end of this course and come back to the beginning, it's OK. You know you can do that. But why teach you this? Because I enjoy it. That's why. And the reason for me to do it isn't even relevant anymore. It's not even relevant. I don't even need to justify it. And the reason for that is because you're going to learn mathematical principles that work. You're going to learn the maths. I'm going to give you spreadsheets in this course that prove to you how the markets work. You're going to learn, you know, how to calculate CO integration and find statistical. Mystically proven pairs that should cross each other again, using math, my opinion and why I'm teaching it to you is irrelevant because once you know the information, you know the information. But at least let's be transparent. That's why I'm teaching it to you. I might as well talk about it anyway. So it's very exciting. There's a lot to uncover over here, but I hope that answers the question Why would I spend my time if I knew all of this teaching it to you? And the answer you should take away from that is it doesn't matter because it works. And number two, because I love it. See you in the next video.