Now, for those of you who have done the triangular arbitrage course, you would have seen this slide before, so you feel free if you have done that course to skip this. But I did not want to exclude it for those who haven't seen that video because this is a very important message that everybody needs to be able to take away. So this is film limitless. You might have seen it very cool film. I'm a fan of it. This guy starts taking these. Think of them like smart drugs, and he becomes extremely intelligent and he becomes very wealthy and very rich, very quickly. Because, you know, there's just like these numbers whizzing around him, and you can just figure stuff out and make a lot of money very quickly. And of course, you know, the protagonist has a lot of issues in doing that. There's a whole story along the way. If you haven't seen the film, I recommend it. I thought it was super cool, but the point I want to make here is I'm not that guy. Probably a lot of the folks who are watching this might also feel like they're not that guy. And the reason I say I'm not that guy is, as I've already said to you, my math festival is not great. I use spreadsheets and python for everything. I don't trust my brain to calculate a thing. It's good at approximating. It's terrible at getting things accurate. I use the tools around me. And why am I telling you that? Because you don't have to be this guy either. You don't have to be a mathematical genius. You don't even need to know statistics. You don't even need to know the formulas because I'm going to provide them to you anyway. You don't even need to know how to read formulas very well. Something else I really struggle with, you know, all those university type papers or the published papers that have these advanced maths algorithms. And I just don't even know what to do with them yet. I'm able to build, you know, bots that trade successfully. I'm able to do research and develop things like crypto is. It's, you know, that actually help people gain an edge. And so what I'm telling you is you don't have to be a genius, right? Every problem doesn't matter how big the problem is. You can break it down into small pieces, and that's what we are going to do in this course. We're going to break everything down for you, everything. We're going to break it down. We're going to talk through each line of code. So if you have any fear whatsoever that this might be too advanced for you, et cetera, et cetera, it's not the reason why you're going to be successful is for a number of reasons. The reason you're going to succeed is, first of all, this course is principle based, right? It's not about teaching you something which makes you an absolute superhero that all of a sudden you can take the code and you're going to be rich. No, it's going to teach you the principles that you can connect into any idea you have. The reality is you probably have better trading ideas than I do. You've probably got some kind of idea that has never been tested because you haven't had that ability to test it all because you don't know, you know, how statistical arbitrage works, et cetera. And you want to try that. You're going to learn the principles and you can plug and play them into anything you want. Commodity stocks, bonds, crypto. As long as you can get the data, you can test it and you will not only learn the strategies here in this course and the principles for how to go and do that testing. But you will then also learn the principles around building about road safety. You're going to learn about you, going to learn about execution, you're going to learn about limit orders and market orders and how to get limit orders filled, et cetera. So that's one thing that's going to help you succeed. The next thing is sanity checking, right? Things break all the time. Even at the very end of building the bot, something breaks and then I have to speak with, you know, bybit around how to get that fixed. It's part of the course. And so the only and real main reason why you're going to succeed is persistence, right? A manager said to me, Once you know, persistence pays, persistence really does pay the people that earn the money, the people that make the money, the people that succeed in financial trading. If that's your goal, right, whatever your goal is, you succeed by turning up, as you already know and doing it. I know there are people who are doing this course who are much more advanced than me. Probably you watching this, you probably a lot more advanced than I am in many things around trading. You probably have a lot of knowledge and this is just going to be another string to your bow. But you didn't get there, right without persistence. And so what? I'm going to ask for you or from you for this course is do not give up. Go through it module by module. Take your time. You know, sleep on things. Don't try and do the course really quickly because the problem with that is you actually don't learn as much. Learn a module, sleep on stuff, let it work in your subconscious. That's how you get good at it. And that's why you're going to succeed. Not because you, this guy, you don't have to be him, be cool to be him and be a lot of fun. But he has a lot of issues in that film. I'm telling you, you don't have to be him. You just need to follow this rule. Learn. You know, first principles. Check stuff, go through it. Test it. There's no substitute for testing in the life markets. None. Not machine learning. Not back testing. Nothing. There is no substitute test everything and persist. And you'll win.