So now we should be aligned in terms of what to expect from this course and also what's required in order for us to succeed. But let's finish off this introduction module by talking about what you should expect for the rest of the course. First of all. Right now we're doing the primer sections, right? So if you're going to paint a house or paint a bathroom, the first thing you're going to do is put on the primer, then you're going to put on the paint. So we need to make sure that we are going through the intuition of what we're learning, not just the intuition about statistical arbitrage, but, you know, trading principles in general. We've got to go through that. We then are going to learn about statistical arbitrage and deploying that strategy. And I need to tell you upfront now as well. Again, just to make it clear, I'm not going into any clever maths I do provide in the resources of this course some useful reading if you want to get super advanced with, you know how all of this stuff works. But you know, I'm a plug and play kind of guy, and I'm sure that a lot of you watching this are too. You just want to build something. You want to get it going. You want to take the latest best stuff, plug in and play. That's what we're doing in this course. So we're going to go through the intuition, though teach you, you know, all about the trading side, the trading principles and a lot of you will think, you know, you've done a lot on trading anyway. You don't really need to go through that. You know, I would urge you, please just go through those videos anyway. Even if you are a seasoned trader, you might learn something. And it could just be that one thing that gives you a real edge that complements a lot of what else, you know. And if you haven't really traded much, if you don't know much about the trading world, I do recommend going through that, especially because you're never going to look at the markets the same way again. For sure, you're never going to look at trading the same way as you would have been taught online because I'm going to, you know, give you facts that are indisputable that no matter who tries to fool you or sell you a bot or sell you a course online, you will know the facts. And because you know the facts, they're proven. Mathematically, you are going to not be fooled by any of that anymore or ever. And you know, even that is worth doing this course for if you are somebody who's new to trading. So we go through those principles in trading, we'll go through talking on the strategy. We then, you know, actually go and play some trades on the testnet. And in this whole course, we of course, use testnet because it's very important that before you use any real money with a bot, you have used a testnet environment. So testnet is, you know, on the Bybit exchange that we're using it so that you can use pretend money. You don't have to use real money, but you can, you know, trade in real life market conditions. And that is going to be a great way to test your bot to make sure that you know it's profitable before you go in tested for real with real money in a real market to see how profitable it is. So that's the intuition part. And then, you know, what are we going to do is get set up. I'm going to take you through the Bybit API documentation because it's really important that whatever exchange you choose to trade with, you know, some of you will be from the U.S. you won't be able to trade with Bybit. I've chosen Bybit for a reason. You know, they do the market making rebates, but you might be choosing a different exchange and that's fine. The principles of what you're learning in the course just apply the same principles, but you know, from a different exchange. So you need to get good at reading APIs, and you need to also be able to set up a python environment. So that's something I'll show you how to do. If you don't know Python and you want to learn, you know you want a crash course in Python. Either just do the appendix. At the very end of this course, you will see the appendix. You can, you know, take those Python videos and go through those or do the triangular arbitrage course as well, because that we, you know, we teach you Python. We even teach you drive a script and we teach you just enough to know in order to build cool stuff, right? You don't need to be an an expert in programming for any of this. You just need to know enough. And then we get into the actual coding part. So we, you know, we build our strategy. We code up an algorithm that not only finds all possible combinations of code integrated paths for statistical arbitrage that you can look at and trade. But it also ranks them. And it also prints out the chart of the two. You know, the two prices combined. It'll give you what's called the spread and the Z score. So, you know, everything you used to seeing on crypto is it's basically give or take. You will be able to run yourself now, you know, using Python. So that's that in itself. Just that module is worth this entire course. No, just that module alone, if you ignored everything else and just add that you've got an edge, so very cool stuff. And then we're going to go into the execution. We're going to build all the functions for our but this is going to be, you know, like building the Lego bricks right before you build your castle, your spaceship or the Millennium Falcon out of that go. I am a nerd. Yes. You know, before you go and do that, you need the Lego bricks, so you need to build those bricks. That's what we're going to do. We're going to build all the bricks that make stuff do stuff for the. But you're going to place your first trade with the ball, et cetera. And then we get into port building right. When you do the port building, that's where we tie it all together. And then finally, you know, there's a bonus section, there's another port of included for you. Just because I'm so passionate about this stuff, I wanted to share the latest and greatest that I'm testing, you know, on the back of this course. And I included all my code for you, whether it works or not, long term is irrelevant. I will post that I will keep people updated on the channel. I will keep posting information about what's working on bots and what's not. But that's that's something I'm going to include for you. And then finally, a summary VIDEO So, so much to get through. You know, what is the best way to eat an elephant? As you've probably heard the saying before, if not, you will enjoy this. The best way to eat an elephant is one piece at a time. So if you don't like the elephant analogy, you know Will, Smith said. If you want to build a wall, you just. And in fact, it was his father that said this you just lay one brick at a time and you lay that brick as perfectly as you can if you just keep turning up and you keep laying bricks. One day you're going to turn around and you're going to have a wall and you will get there sooner rather than later. So let's not talk anymore. Let's get into the course and start with the trading principles, which I'm really excited about. In fact, it's one of the modules in this course I'm most excited about because it seems obvious. Yet most people miss this stuff unless they sort of come across it randomly online. So I look forward to taking you through a lot of that. Some of it, you will know, some of it. You won't. Let's get into it.