All right, let's talk about our game plan for actually calculating co integrated players for statistical arbitrage. Now you might not know what a co integrated pair is. That's fine. We're going to talk about it briefly, and you might not quite have grasp did what statistical arbitrage is. That's fine. We're going to go through that as well in more detail. But the first thing I want to do is go through the overview of our game plan. So the first thing here that we need to look at is what are our terms? And I think we've agreed so far that we want a market neutral strategy, so we don't care if the market's going up, down or sideways, which we've selected. We've selected, you know, a statistical arbitrage for that. It has to be arbitrage based, which again, we've selected statistical arbitrage. We want something that allows us to take advantage of market making rebates. Perfect. We've got that. We want clear entry and exit signals. Well, we're going to go into that in a lot more detail. But essentially that's going to come from our Z-score and we want it to be US dollar pegged to avoid all the risks we mentioned earlier. We want it to be backed by math or statistics. We want it to be highly liquid so that, you know, our spread on the order book between the bid and the ask is not too high. And again, we go into that before we go into the strategy and we go more into the trading tuition. You'll understand more about that. And we also want it so that there's no exchange transfers needed. We can do it all on the same exchange. And we also need a testnet available for forward testing. And for that, we've decided decided to use Bybit because they have a testnet, and that's what we're going to be building our bot on so that we don't have to risk our own money while we go and get that bot checked out. So those are our terms of trading. So before you go into business, before you build a bot, before you do anything. Define your terms. What checkboxes do you feel are important? And please, when you're building your own bot, please make sure that you write your own checklist and that will really help you to think about and brainstorm the structure of your bot. But now that we've got our terms, we've gone through that really, we need to think about our strategy, you know, in our strategy and our strategy, we're going to talk about the details here when we review this, because in our strategy and our execution modules, we go over this game plan again, but in more detail our strategy, we're essentially going to get every tradable symbol we can. We're going to work out what those are. We're going to get their price histories. We're going to, you know, calculate what's called the integration. We're going to analyze our findings. We're going to select a pair to trade and then we're going to be tested. Once we're happy with how back test, we're then going to build our bar to see if it works in a forward test. And that's what we're going to do. And it's going to be very difficult to see the results because, you know, truthfully, you have to let this play out over weeks to know or many days at least to know whether the bot is, you know, profitable or not. But I am, you know, running a bot whilst building this course. And you know, I will I will keep updating you on the progress on the YouTube channel so that at least you, you know, you get the latest and greatest information around what's working and what's not. So remember, we set our expectations at the start of this course. It's very important that you know you're not going to get a bot out of this that makes you rich overnight. But I think by now, you know exactly what the score is. So, you know, that's what we need to do. We need to define our strategy. Then we need to get to building and actually executing our budget. And we will do, you know, essentially a bot here that it just runs on an infinite loop. And then I'm going to tell you now highlight an issue to you as well that comes up, you know, when doing that, and this is a number of challenges that come up when having a bot just run 24-7. But I hope you overcome pretty much all those challenges. And then finally, you know, there's another step. And in the bonus section, we talk at the very end more about that bot, and that's the one that I'm running in the cloud. So there's a lot to get through here. Let's start by finishing. This module is a very brief module. There's not many videos in this. This really just this one and one other, because I need to talk about statistical arbitrage and co integration so that we understand what that even means. And you know, when you're actually going and building the stuff, you understand what's going on. Now I do want to warn you that I will be using the crypto as its platform to explain what's going on, but you will not need access to that platform. The reason I'm using the platform is because I've built it, because it makes sense to me and it helps me. And so why would I not use that and let you, you know, see what's going on there to help you better understand what's going on? You are going to have the knowledge without having access to that platform from this course on how to find your own opportunities. So again, you know, I want this to be a loving level playing field. Crypto is it is just simply for people that want. Do rapid fire testing findings quickly without having to keep writing code, but they will still need to write code when they find the strategy right, or they will still need to find a way to execute on what they learn. So you need these principles that you're about to learn anyway. So please bear with me. I will use the platform. It's not because I just want to show off the platform that I am absolutely in love with, because it's because it's the best thing I can show you, which will help to illustrate and explain what is going on with statistical arbitrage. So with that said, let's get into it.