So what is statistical arbitrage? And I had to get all the other stuff out the way first because it was all very, very fundamental to trading or doing any kind of trading analysis or bodybuilding, et cetera. But this is actually at the heart of a whole trading strategy. So I'm going to take my time in this video. We're going to go through it slowly. And I want to talk with you about what is statistical arbitrage. So by now, you have a flavor for it. But you know, really, we haven't gone into any detail now. I do need to remind you are not a math whiz. I'm not going to be talking about heavy math in this video because I can't. That's not my skill set. But what I can do is explain things intuitively in a way where they make sense to you because they make sense to me. And that is what I'm going to do here in this video. And so to do that, we're going to jump onto the crypto is its platform just briefly because I want to talk through actually looking at statistical arbitrage pairs. But I want to talk about what they actually mean and what is actually happening under the hood there. So let me know that something is likely to be a good arbitrage opportunity. So we're going to go in that into that and talk into that in more detail than I think I've ever really spoken about it. And then we're going to come back and look at, you know, what are the benefits and then what are the challenges and risks as well around, you know, statistical arbitrage trading? So with that said, let me jump over to crypto isit's and I'll see you then now. All right, so I'm here on the crypto with its platform, and right now I'm on a tool called Z-score. You don't need to know, you know what that is yet, and you don't need to know what the tools called. But just so you know, this is where I am right now. And by default, you know, when I load this page, I get from Binance. Actually, the other exchange I get some crypto pairs here Etherium USD T and link USD T and it runs, you know, based on hourly price data over the last two weeks, and that just happens automatically. And what I want to point out, here are some metrics that are coming up here. And the first thing I want to say to you is this is not a good pair for us to trade. What do I mean by trading a pair? Well, again, pairs trading is where you will go short on one stock or crypto or commodity or whatever and go long on another. And so when the prices diverge, like they're doing here and then they converge again, you make money. You don't care about the direction. You don't care if the market tanks or goes up will go sideways as long as these are converging and diverging, and your prediction of when that will happen is correct, then really you should be profitable. And so that's essentially what we're doing here with pairs trading, but we need to make sure that we have statistical evidence that this is a good pair to trade. And what that means is we need to know that the distance between the prices is essentially crossing. Often we'll think of it as the prices are crossing often. Now, a lot of people would say, Well, these are clearly, you know, very well correlated. And that's true. This is a very well correlated, you know, here Theorem used to link USD, but correlation does not mean CO integration. These are two very, very different terms. And so one of the things that you know you really need to understand if you don't already is that correlation. It more means that two prices or two assets behave in a similar way. But they can behave in a similar way and still diverge massively from one another. Right. I can have Ethereum trading like this and bitcoin trading like this, but you know, more and more the prices are moving away from each other from whatever the starting point in time is that we're measuring. And so that's very risky, right? It's very risky to go in pairs, trade something where the distance between those prices is not crossing often. Now there are studies, issues, statisticians that I know there are people that will watch this and will want to vomit at the explanation. I've just given you because there's so much more in in that. And it's not strictly correct in some terms. But broadly speaking, the takeaway I want you to walk away with is that just because something's correlated does not mean it's a good pair to trade. And so we have something called code integration code integration checks. How often is that distance essentially crossing the zero line? So if I scroll down here, you can see here's the Sierra line. And you know, it just doesn't, right? It just doesn't really cross that. At the moment, it kind of has been, but not really. And you know, here's the Z score, which we'll talk about in more detail, but the distance otherwise known as the spread. It basically is the distance. It's this, it's this number minus this number. That's basically what the distance is, but it's this number minus this number multiplied what's called multiplied by what's called a hedge ratio. So for example, this is saying for theorem to Chainlink right now, you would need 189 Chainlink for each Etherium. That's basically what this hedge ratio is saying. And, you know, broad brush. There's many different ways of calculating or managing a hedge ratio, and you can get really advanced with this stuff. What I want to say is I have, you know, for those of you who are interested in the detail, you are like, what is hedge ratio? You know, what is the key value and what is the critical value, the key value in detail for CO integration, I put a link to an article that's very, very detailed. It's got a lot of the math in it, et cetera. But I don't like reading that and I haven't spent much time on it. So why would I talk about it from a place of, you know, not having a full understanding? I'm going to talk about this in the terms I understand. And so I'm going to talk more about these metrics because I do really understand what these are doing, and I'm going to talk with you about that. But the important thing here to know is if I take this number minus this number times, whatever the hedge ratio is, then essentially I've got my, you know, my spread and here's my spread here. Now you say, Okay, well, Sean, while this is saying it's not co integrated, right, it's going to be no here. Well, what else is coming together to knock show integrated? Well, let's let's do something. Actually, let's take something else other than crypto. Let's take the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq, and let's actually pull daily data. Over the last year, let's just have a look at that as an example. And this is something else which is not so integrated, but they are very well correlated. Look at all the prices, follow each other. If you were to trade, you know, a pairs trading strategy on this is just hugely risky. When do you when do you close your trade? How do you know if these prices are going to move back together and if they even if they do, where do you where do they need to move to? Right. It's very unclear. And you might as well be throwing darts with a blindfold on to predict where things are going. It's just very difficult. So then you say, OK, well, you know, that's great. But where are the integrated pairs? And this is what I'm going to show you how to calculate for yourself. You know, in crypto is it's I've got something here called the prescreened. What this is doing is it looks every hour, two weeks of daily data for cryptos, and it looks at, you know, where the Z-score has moved significantly and I will explain what Z-score is in a minute. But let's just take a look at this one here. So, you know, clay versus Jason. And if I run that here and I haven't looked at this before, you can see that there is some correlation, but these are also co integrated. And you might look at this and go, Well, this doesn't look nearly like, you know, some of those other charts and in fact, that not really crossing zero very much. And you'd be correct. But in fact, this is a pair worth considering trading mathematically right. And that is because you can predict with some kind of certainty what is going to happen with this spread over here. Now looking at this, this is a terrible pad that I don't really like the look of it all. So actually, I'm going to look at a few different ones, and that's what I built this forward so I could have a look at them and see how they're looking. This is another one that just looks crazy, but the spread looks beautiful, right? So this is an example of a nice car integrated pair. I would be interested in now with the most recent data. It's just not integrated enough. It's so close to being so integrated, but with the most recent data that I've just pulled, it's just fallen outside of the threshold. But this is what I'm looking for. I'm looking for a spread which crosses the zero because I can buy here and sell there so I can buy the pair, which means, you know, I would go long on this one, short on this one. And there's a way of determining what to go long and short on. You'll learn about that in this course. I would buy the pair there and I would close it, et cetera. And this is very easy to predict, right? If I can buy here and make money every time this hits zero or short there and make money when it hits zero. This is very predictable. Look at how easy it is to sort of trade this. It's much easier than predicting what direction will this stock or crypto or whatever you're trading going? Let's look at some others, right? It's again, I haven't looked at any of these, so I'm just going to put some random ones. Let's take this one here, for example. Now I'm doing, you know, hourly timeframes here over two weeks. This here looks stunning. This looks like a fantastic pair. I'm getting lucky that doesn't always look that cool, but look at the price action here. Number one to look at, you can actually see the prices crossing each other. Right. It's like this zigzag over here and over here. You can see the spread is doing this. So let's say we wanted to trade this spread, right? I want to go long and then close when it hits zero, go short and close when it hits zero. And let's say I wanted to do that. Like here you can see it went to an extreme over here. How would I have known that that was an extreme and that I need to go and trade that? You know, there's different signals that will give you that you could put Bollinger Bands on your spread, et cetera. To do that, you could treat this as a price chart. And you know, for a lot of you, if this is kind of new to you, I know you're looking at this and you're like, Wow, you know, because that's how I felt like, Wow, this is really easy to predict. Like, I can do this just eyeballing it. Now, it's not that easy. And remember, if anything seems too good to be true, it always is not. It usually is. It always is. Unless you are the no point zero zero zero at one percent, it is always too good to be true. But this is so much easier to trade. Wouldn't you rather have a strategy that you have this sort of more stationary type movement versus something like this, which you cannot predict the direction on? And this is the beauty. This is why myself and so many other people are passionate about this topic. Now the best way I can explain to you co integration is imagine that there's an elastic band. And this elastic band, it's a thick, elastic band, but when you pull the elastic band too far apart, it wants to spring back together and that is what the Z-score is doing for us. It's basically looking at, you know, how far apart are we pulling this elastic band relative to itself relative to how it's behaved in the past? And to calculate Sisco, you know, to know, to just to describe what the past is. And you will see exactly how we calculate Z score, by the way. You will literally see it because we do the math for that together in, you know, in the course. But the way you calculated is you take, for example, this current point in the spread minus the average of, say, the last 21 days. Right. So the rolling average, the rolling mean of the last 21 days divided by the standard deviation of the last 21 days. And I used 21 days or twenty one hours or twenty one, whatever. I'd like it because I liked the I like the film 21 Israeli. No sides to that. But you can experiment with different moving averages to calculate that. And the more the shorter you know you're moving average for calculating the Z score, the more aggressive it's going to be. So, you know, I want to know, you know, how aggressive is this relative to a decent time period? And that's why I'll take something like 21 or even 40 days could be really good with 40 hours could be really good. And so you can see here, you know, this went haywire. And if I scroll down to what happened to the Z score, right, it sprung down. This is where you would have entered that trade here. You would have entered somewhere here. And if my Z-score here was more aggressive, probably I would have entered somewhere like this. And this is a fantastic pair as an example, because it really shows you how fantastic statistical arbitrage can be. So, you know, that's how to think of the Z score. The Z score is our signal. This is the elastic band, and it's telling me how many standard deviations am I away from how it normally trades? So if it's going like negative three, that's a time to really go like, look at this here right down here. Boom. The price drops. The Z score triggered early on a triggered before the spread even went down here. So you would have got in here. And if you'd gotten here, your trade would have looked quite bad by about here. But then again, it would have converged. And like you can see happening here with your spread, it reverts back to the mean here. It reverts back right, reverts back to the mean here, somewhere around here, here zero. So it depends where you want to close and the Z score reverts back to the mean here. So, you know, with the Z score, you know, you could have gone in here or here and closed here, which will be the. And so you could have got in here and closed here, and even then you would have made money. And even if you had got in here and closed here, you would have made money. Now it's very easy to talk in hindsight. So it's useless. You know me doing this video for you and talking in hindsight about how you, you know how you can trade this. But I think what we'll do here is talk about very quickly. You know how we do go about this. And so what we do in this course is we actually take the prices, we dump them in an Excel model that I've provided in the resources. And I've got a couple of sort of pre-built backtesting trading strategies for you. We have one for closing a trade in X number of periods. We have one for when the prices revert back to the mean i.e. that, you know, the Z score goes back to its mean. And then one which we call the too good to be true strategy, which is probably too good to be true. And that's the one that I build. But for, because that's the one I was most keen to prove was wrong. And also, I hope in my dreams was right because it just looked so profitable. So, you know, that's what we do. That's how we test it. And then once we find a profitable back test, we then build a bot to do the forward testing. And if that is all profitable, then it's up to you. You know, do you want to switch that bot live with real money and let it trade? Now the one thing I want to say here is just because the spread has done this over the last two weeks doesn't mean it's always done that, and it doesn't mean it always will. Right? So if I go here and look at, say, three months worth of hourly data now, that's going to take a lot longer to run because it's going to crunch through numbers over three months of data. But I can look through different time periods and see how did that perform? And you can see this really wasn't a good pair for hourly trading over the last three months. It's only more recently that these are very, you know, very integrated. So you don't want to just go and trade co integration on anything just because it shows promise. You need to look at different timeframes. You need to have an exit strategy. And again, you know, there's no miracle. There's no silver bullet to this. Let's put this back to two weeks again. There really is no silver bullet for this. So what I'm going to do is talk about these metrics next. And actually, I think I will split that into a separate video because this has been quite a long one. But let me talk about these metrics and how you know that this co. integrated and worth its salt for