All so let's talk about the metrics that we have up at the top here. So these are all metrics that you're going to be calculating as part of this course. And so for those of you all know who are on the platform who use this tool now, you're going to have a much better understanding of what these metrics are as well. So it's very beneficial for you, too. So let's talk about the metrics, right? The first thing here we have is the P value, and I'm going to talk about the P value and the T value in the C value together. So the P value? Well, let me talk about it this way. The T values a test value and this test value needs to be lower than the what's known as the critical value. So the test value is to be lower than the critical value, and the P value needs to be lower than whatever we specify is important to reject what is called the null hypothesis. And so, you know, the null hypothesis for anybody who's not super knowledgeable about statistics, which by the way, I'm not I'm not qualified to talk about it on any level of detail. Again, I'm very much plug and play, but the novel hypothesis is essentially it's something that says that your hypothesis has no statistical relevance, really. And you know, it's a it's really a mathematical way of looking at any hypothesis. In our case, you know, all these two things co integrated and saying, No, they're not and they're not because, you know, mathematically, we can prove they're not. And so usually what you'll do is you'll set a P value of zero point zero five. That means that if the P value is less than zero point zero five and your test value is less than your critical value, you so both those conditions have to meet. You can reject what is known as the null hypothesis. You can reject it. You can say no, you know, there's it would be one part in a million if this wasn't, you know, co integrated. And so that's exactly what this here is doing. It allows you to reject that, you know, reject that null hypothesis. So it's very important that, you know, when you're doing co integration that you understand that you need these three things in order to say whether something is co integrated or not. In other words, whether mathematically it was reliable on the timeframe you've looked at and then you know, your hope is that it continues to be reliable, but you cannot predict the future, right? You can only gain an edge. If you could predict the future, then you know you would be probably earning an island somewhere and then hopefully inviting me to come and visit. So here we go. We've got the CO integration here. This is just the flag, yes or no, and the CO integration flag will be yes, you know, if these checks match. So all four of these will go green, you'll never see a case where this is no. And then these three are green, right? All four of these will go green together, or none of them will be green. If you're interested in p value and more specifically because there's a lot of information on P value online, if you're interested in T value, see value in the resources. I've just put a word document with a link on it. This is a very, very useful article which goes into a lot of detail and mess about that. Now let's talk about the hedge ratio because the hedge ratio can be quite confusing. Even, you know, for everyone, even me, I say even me, especially me. And so the hedge ratio over here is essentially as follows. So let me give you an idea of this right now we have, you know, this atom and you you uniform. I don't even know what that crypto is, but here let's put in something different. Let's put it in BTC. BTC, USD t to Etherium USD T, right? And let's go and run the CO integration for that. And you'll notice that when this pops up now, the hedge ratios say something like fourteen point five four. Well, the reason for that is because the hedge ratio on average, you're going to pay for every one Etherium. Sorry for every one bitcoin, you should get around fourteen point five for theory, and this is a very loose way of thinking about the hedge ratio. Another way to think about that is if I take bitcoin and say, Let's do this to us, DC, which is dollar to dollar, that should be enough to give us an interesting outcome for hedge ratio. And there you go, does it gives us pretty much what we'd expect gives us about thirty nine to forty thousand dollars, which is approximately the value of bitcoin to the dollar today? Right. So that's one way you can think about the hedge ratio. It's how many of you know, for example, for every pair that I trade on, for every dollar I trade on USDC, USD t, how many dollar's worth in my trading here on bitcoin to USDC? So it's essentially looking at you can think of it like one way to calculate something that would look like a hedge ratio would be to divide. Divide an average of bitcoin to the dollar in this case. And if we were doing Etherium USDC, for example, you would divide bitcoin to use it divided by theory USDC. And that would give you something approximate to this figure. Now, I don't know the details around the hedge ratio much more than that, I'm afraid. This, you know, from all the reading I did, there was a whole rabbit hole you can get into around optimizing hedge ratio, et cetera. And you know, I just took the best, you know, some from somebody who was trading cryptocurrencies using statistical arbitrage. I went with the method they went with because they were a statistician, you know, they had studied this stuff and that's what we were embedding into this course. So transparently, you know, I can't really go into more details. But to calculate the spread, you need to hedge ratio because to get to a zero line like we have over here, you need to take the distance right. You need to take that minus that times the hedge ratio. So I need to take bitcoin, which could be, you know, whatever to the dollar. I call it forty three, forty thousand to the dollar minus Etherium, which is like, I don't know, three thousand, you know, two dollars to the theory. I'm sorry. So $40000 for bitcoin, minus three thousand dollars for an affair in times 14 or 15. That's what will give you this spread. And again, you know, we actually do this in Python like a code that that bit up that we're not pulling from a library. The hedge ratio we do pull from a library. We pull it from a statistical library as we do the C value, T value and the P value. So those things we actually do pull from the library. Now we're going to close this module in the next session because I want to talk about the advantages, but also the risks or certainly the benefits, but also the risks and challenges with statistical arbitrage. So I'll see you over there shortly.