So what are the benefits of statistical arbitrage, let's cover those first, let's do the positive stuff first. Well, the benefits, as you probably would know by now, are you can profit in up, down or sideways markets. You can make use of rebates on two assets, which is great if you have an exchange that pays you market making rebates. You can also get clear signals for entry and exit, right. You have something like the Z score, or you can put Bollinger Bands around, you know, the spread if you wanted to. There's so many ways you could do it. But for me, I like Z-score because it's very much like What if C scores up, you know, below above a certain number, I'm going to go in or out and you'll see that much in much more detail when we do the backtesting like you can literally type in a spreadsheet. Different numbers for the Z score on the back test will tell you which one was more profitable to go into that in more detail later. Also, you have a statistical and mathematical edge, right? You've done your homework, you've researched and found these assets that move alongside each other. Many people don't know how to do that. And so that's really cool. You can go you can go into any pair any assets, loop through them, calculate integration for all of them and have it return. Which ones are worth your while? And that's exactly what you'll do in this course, which is fantastic. You know, in the strategy building section where you actually go and build this stuff in Python, you'll get that. The other thing is, it's scalable. You know, the problem with the vanilla arbitrage and triangular arbitrage is you just kind of take exactly what the market gives you. And to a degree, that's very true here as well. But, you know, statistical arbitrage. Let's say you had something with the size of, say, neo and Etherium. You know, these are very, very, you know, highly liquid, very highly traded cryptocurrencies. Let's say they were co integrated. You could probably deploy, sorry, a lot of capital to that trade, whereas, you know, that poses a lot more risk in traditional arbitrage, let's put it that way. So those are some of the benefits. I don't want to spend much time on those because it's actually more than just that. And you know, by now, you've probably got a really good idea of why this is so exciting, why statistical arbitrage is so exciting. And if you don't, you're probably not watching this video right now. So it's OK. But let's talk about the challenges and the risks because, you know, I want you to go into this with your eyes wide open. It's the not everybody wants to take your money in the markets. Everybody at every step wants to take your money. And you know, that's no different here trading with a broker or an exchange. And it's not so much, just the exchange, but it's the people you're trading against. You know, everybody wants your money and so you have to be really careful. So first of all, the behaviors are not guaranteed to continue. Just because something's coming together today doesn't mean it's going to continue tomorrow. So that's the first thing to always remember, right? And that's why managing the size of your capital and your risk is really important. And forward testing and looking at your what's called your precision or your win rate, it's very, very important you win rates. How many trades did you get right out of the total trades that you placed right as a percentage? The stats are difficult to comprehend for many, including myself. You know, I couldn't talk to you in any more detail than I did on T value see value in P value or hedge ratio. That's the best I got. So whether it's good enough or not, I don't know, but it's difficult to comprehend, right? Some people have the mind for it. Others, like myself, don't they just need to understand the intuition so that they can go and apply it. And it also involves having to short. So if you're not into shorting shorting, it's very dangerous. If you're not protected, you can lose everything. And I mean everything. And depending on where you've signed up with, you know, someone can come knocking on your door and asking for everything you have. So, you know, you need to be very, very, very careful here with shorting. And we talk about that in a lot more detail. I I say this in every video because I touch on things that we go into detail on, you know, throughout the course. So I don't want to give it all away. And so you will hear me say we we talk about that. We talked about that, we talked about that. But we do and I talk about the risks around shorting. I have a whole video on it and how you need to be careful and how you protect yourself. Now, the way we do it here, it's it's pretty safe, actually, the way we're doing it, I don't really see any risk greater than what there is going long. But nonetheless, you need to remember that the strategy does involve shorting and you can't short everything. Not everything is short of all I've chosen in exchange and an area of that exchange that allows you to short everything that we assess. The next thing is really that any market based orders mean that you're going to pay, you know, market taking fee. So if you're not placing a limit order, you're placing a market order, you pay a fee and sometimes you need to do that. You know, you need to get out of a trade and you just will take the best price you can and you'll take whatever the market gives you. And so you. Here, take a fee for that. But now you will take a fee doubles because you've got, you know, essentially you've got two cryptos or two stocks or two, whatever you're trading, right? And so your your costs doubles as much as your rebate doubles, which which I could have put on the benefit side right to rebate doubles. So does your costs. And you know, typically the costs are higher than the rebate you get back. So you know, that adds to your costs, which lowers your edge. If you're placing market orders and the entry and exit, you know, in parallel with the limit based orders can be very tricky. So now here, I'm literally just reading that straight from the slide. But it can be because when you're placing limit orders now, let's say you get filled on one position but not filled on the other, and you'll see that actually happens to us when we develop our part. And it can be very frustrating and quite tricky to work around, which is why a lot of the research I'll be doing from here is actually around getting limit orders filled right? The real, detailed stuff that you don't learn about anyway. That's the stuff we do. That's the stuff we're going to do, the stuff that actually counts. And so, you know, that's something you need to be aware of as well. Placing limit orders doesn't mean you're going to get filled and then you need to have a strategy for what you'll do if it doesn't. Now with our strategy, we're quite clever because what we do is we we don't just go in all at once with all of our capital that is, you know, a one per cent capital. We actually carve that capital up into even smaller slices to a level of what gets traded on average in the order book to try to make sure that both positions get filled to that value of US dollars. Right. So that's that's actually what we're doing in the way that we're trading, placing the limit orders. So that's something that I think you will find, you know, relatively relatively interesting. And then finally, you know, one of the benefit I want to mention, that's not on here because it's not obvious, and I don't want to bog you down with details that really are neither here nor there. But, you know, exchanges like Bybit, for example, they have a funding fee that gets charged to normalize the prices. And so they will, you know, charge either people that are short or people that are on a fee, depending on whether they need to spread that cost to. But what happens is if you're on both sides of the coin, you get the benefit of neutralizing that fee, essentially. So you should be OK and therefore not having to worry too much about funding rates, but you can look at funding rates in more detail. You will see that fee come up in your trading book as well. And these are big fees. But remember anything which takes you away from a 50 50 edge kills you, right? It kills you as a trader, so you need to just make sure that you take any fees very seriously. And if the prior videos, you know, haven't convinced you to do that, then I've done a bad job or, you know, watch them again, because it's so important that you know, you go into this with your eyes open. Now I'm getting really excited because you're about to walk with me into more of the trading area. So, you know, we're going to do some very basic trading. I'm going to explain what actually moves price, and I'm going to explain that, you know, with some illustration, et cetera, and we're going to play some trades, you know, we're going to do the basics. We're going to walk through all the basics together so that everyone's familiar with Bybit, the exchange. And you know, I'm going to show you just where to download Pichon and conduct because you will need that for building the bot. We use Pipe Pichon. You can use any, you know, I.D. or ED that you want to. But Pie Chart is what I use here for, for teaching. Otherwise, I use voice code. So if you'd like to use code, you could, you know, do the same thing there and build your bot there. But I recommend, you know, downloading the free community version of Pichon. So we're going to get into all of that now. That's not what this video is about. So come on, I'll see you over there. Let's get going with this course and really get the ball rolling.