While I don't know about you, but for me, that ran really quickly, so we can see all of those prices just got pooled and saved successfully into a JSON file. And you can see that the script is now finished running. So here which is 122 items not stored, that doesn't mean one hundred and twenty two items not stored. It just means that when it got to the count of 122, there were one two three four items not stored. If you're doing this with daily data, you'll see that there's a lot more that didn't get stored because they didn't have 200 days worth of data on Bybit. And so remember, we're excluding, you know, we're excluding any cryptos that don't have that price history. So what I want to do now in this video before we go and actually now calculate the integration and find which pairs occur integrated and which ones are not. I want to actually show you what this data looks like in a much more readable form. Now, if you don't have Firefox, download Firefox because Firefox, for me, is the best way to look at Jason data. In fact, it's all I use Firefox for. And now what I'm going to do is actually show you that, you know, in your folder, you should see over here, you've got this one underscore price list. You know, Dot Jason, well, you can actually see that here as well in your computer folder, right? So what you do is you drag that Jason file, drag it to the top of Firefox here and it will load it. You can close the other tab. It will load it as a web page. So that's really handy, number one. Now look at all these coins it's got here, right? This is the file, right? This is this is the file you've just created. If I open one of these up, you can see this. There should be 200. There you go. One hundred and ninety nine plus zero zero counts as one. So that's two hundred lines of data. And if I break that open, each one has open high, low close. Here it is again. You know, open, high, low, close and you know, the period is 60, the start date, et cetera. So all of this information is exactly how we need it now. If I collapse, that it's here for every crypto is EOS. He is, you know, Chainlink, SushiSwap, you know, like, it's all here. So in fact, when I was developing before, I spent a lot of time with Sol. So this is, you know, this is pretty interesting. You've got all this data here very easily saved for you now. You're probably wondering, great. That's wonderful. How do we use it? So this is going to tell us what's going to allow us to bake into our CO integration calculation, all of this price history, and we can now loop through this data because we've got it saved without having to call the API all the time right, without having to worry about all those code limits. We've now saved this file. So now we can do whatever we want with this file and do loads of calls and calculations to this file without having to worry about hitting code limits with, you know, the API with Bybit, et cetera. So this is great. We've got it saved. If you've got this far, you know, well done. If you're struggling, if something didn't work, just go back, either. Check the code because I've saved all the code in the resources folder. So you should have access to, you know, all of that code. Check the code checking against yours. You know, on the last course I did. Very often people would pose the question they'd like, Oh, this isn't working, but actually it was because they were missing a semicolon or something, you know, just check the code, read the issues that are coming up, Google them. If you don't understand them, stuff not working is the biggest part of programming. Just remember that I've built this before, so the reason why it looks like it's all working so quickly is because I've built it before, right? So that's the difference here. If you've got this file, you followed along, or even if you followed along and you just understand what's going on, you're doing really, really well. So just keep going. In the next video, we're going to start with the CO integration calculation.