Now that we've created our code, let's run it and let's see if it worked. Let's look at the charts. And we're going to be doing this for the pair we chose, which is Matic, USD, T and Texas. And we're going to run it for a number of different symbols. So let's hit play and fingers crossed we'll get a chart pop up. And there it is, my other screen and you can see this here. If you've got this five, you can see this. Congratulations. You're doing really, really well. This looks super interesting. And actually, this looks like a fantastic pair right now. I can see a lot of crosses against the zero mark over here. As such, I can see the Z scores working very well. It seems to do very well where it's going above this two or negative two mark over here and we can see that there's a lot of, you know, great. It's just very strongly integrated. I mean, if you look at the spread here, it's almost always crossing zero at some point. So, you know, these prices are diverging, converging, diverging, converging, diverging, converging, converging. So this looks like an excellent pair as a candidate for running some backtesting onco integration. But you know, let's not take my word for that. I'm going to ex out of this here. It'll stop the process. We can see it saved to back test file, which I'm not going to look at yet in this video. But let's have a look at, you know, some other pairs as well. So if I have a look here, we've got Matic USD t, let's try, you know, sushi USD t, let's try this one here and see how that looks. You know, does that also look very promising and we just do them one by one. Now this over 200, I would usually just take a sample of five. It's up to you how many you want to analyze. But let's just do that here and run this. And here we go again. We have a very, very good looking spread and we can see the divergences here were quite big. The Z score went quite far here. Had you traded this, it would have come back nicely. That would have been a really nice trade. And you know, the thing here, you need to be careful of those are your eyes. They will deceive you. They will find what they want to find, which is why we are going to use an Excel model to actually calculate based on some rules we put in the Excel model. What would the payback have been right? And so we're not going to trust our eyes. We're going to back test this with data. But nonetheless, this also looks like a really good, a very well integrated pair. I must say, but the one I'm particularly interested in right now, I think, is that other one we just saw. So I'm going to go back to that. I'm going to undo what we just did here and run for Matic. And let's run that again, just because I think it looks really cool. Yeah, look at that beautiful, right? I do get excited about data. As you can tell, if you're excited to welcome to the club, you're now free to run, you know, different pairs manually and go through them as much as you want. And just for those of you who are in crypto visits, you can also use this tool as well. You know, we've got a lot of pre-screened items where the Z score has already gone crazy, which is the purpose of this tool. It's screens for, you know, the ones with the biggest score within the last hour. So this would have been thirty five minutes ago, and you can see this one is already closed. So there we go. Popped. And now it's closed back in. So you know, you can use this as well. But now you know how to do it in code, and this should be very exciting for you. So what are we going to do next is we're going to analyze this matic USD T and USD T from the back test file that was saved. I need to talk you through the Excel models. And then once we've done that, if we go back to our plan here, then you can run your execution part here so that that's when we can finish the Excel Back test and we're going to build our execution stack bought one over here. So that's very exciting. Let's stop the video here. I'm going to let you explore play with different paths now that you know how to get co integrated pairs with Sprint, with Z Score and to view them on charts and to save the data and to save all the co integrated pairs. You've got a lot here. You could stop the course here. You could never do anything again from here with this course and you've already got tons of value to play with. So if you've got this far, just well done. I know you're getting through a lot of code here, but you are doing super super well, so I'll see you in the next video.