going to use our data that we've gathered from all of that code that you've written so that we can try it out with a backtesting model. So what I've got in front of me here is an Excel spreadsheet. You can use Google Sheets if you prefer. It doesn't matter. Either will work with the files that you've been saving. I use Excel just because that's what's convenient for me. And what I'm going to do is actually go and find the file that we've been saving. So I'm going over here to my Stockpot folder, and here it is. You know, we've got the priceless JSON which we've used. We don't need that anymore. We've got a list of code integrated pairs, which I'm going to just open for the sake of having it open for now. So here's the list as we saw before of all of our code integrated pairs, so I might come back and refer to that. And I've got here the back test file, which we have not seen yet. So let me open that and bring that over here to you so that you can see what is going on. So here I've got this back test file. So what is this giving me? While we saw we had a whole bunch of not a no values for Z-score, we can see those here. We're going to delete these rows of data here. But in Column B, we've got all the prices of Matic USD T and here we've got Stacks USD T and we can see actually that pricing is very similar to the dollar that virtually the same price. And here we've got the spread and here the Z scores. The very first thing I want to do is I want to just delete those rows there so you can do that by highlighting rows. As such, you can go right click Delete. I just use the keyboard shortcut command and the minus key or control in the minus key if you're using a windows. And so this gives us some data now that we can work with. Now, if you think about it, we can write all sorts of tests on this data. We can say, you know, if this then do that, how much profit would I have made cetera? Now the good news for you is I have already done that for you. I've already written a model that gives you an idea of how I'm calculating returns and what strategies might work, etc. and I'm going to show that model to you right now. Now, when you look in the resources folder, you will see that this file has just appeared, and the reason for that is I've just put it there for you. And this is called the back test calculations of a double click on that file. It opens up a whole Excel model for us over here. Now I want you to ignore everything that is on the right right now, so everything with a colored column on it you can ignore. Those are things I've put there. But just look here column A, B, C, D and E A, B, C, D and E and compare that very quickly to A, B, C, D and E from the data from the back test data that you just ran. And you can see that you can very conveniently copy this data and paste it over the data in this file, which we'll do shortly. But I just wanted to show you something really interesting. I think the first thing I'm going to do here is just maximize my screen here, and I'm also going to zoom in for you a bit. So it's just a little bit easier to see what's going on. So, you know, here's one I made earlier, so to speak I was using Bitcoin Cash, so back against X and oh, I'm not sure what crypto that is. Actually, I'd have to look it up, but I've got PCH versus X A. And I've got the spread here and I've got the Z score here. So nothing new, except the coins, a difference in the ones I just ran with you. So I'm going to show you how this model is working or how it worked for me. And then I'm going to overwrite this data with the data. I've just run with you to show you how you can paste in any pair you want. You can run what we ran earlier in Python for any pair that you want, you know, pasted over ABCD and E, and all of these calculations should just work for you. Now you'll notice here I've got two tabs here, one that's his end steps and one that says Mean reverting. So what does all of that actually mean? What if I go over here to Alex Sculley draw and I just zoom out a bit over here and I'm going to create a place here for us to draw very quickly. So our Z score here, you know, looks something like, you know this? It looks very stationary, but that is essentially what Aussie score would look like, right? So we have something that looks like that. And essentially what we're looking to do here, so with the end steps is we're saying, OK. If we have a signal, let's say it's a buy signal, the Z scores very low, such as here, let's say this is like minus three standard deviations. If we see a signal here for Z Score, we want to go long. So we want to actually go and place a long position and steps just means how do you want to exit the position, right? So if that means you're going long here, going long means that you know you're buying one pair and you are shorting. So I'm going to do that in red. You're shorting the other pair. So you're buying simple one and you are selling symbol two. If the Z score is negative down here, typically that's what you're doing. So if you're going to do that, what this is saying here is, OK, when do you exit this position, right? So here's our position one. We'll call this our entry, but when do we exit this position? Do you exited when XYZ goal gets here, which is about the zero line that's called mean reverting, you exited up here with Z scores, maybe something like, you know, plus three, where do you exit that position and steps just means, well, let's forget where the Z score is. Let's just say in any time period. So let's say one time period, you will close a position or two time periods or close a position so that if you hourly, you're doing that would be two hours or three hours. So any steps is just saying, you know, let's close it based on the hours, so you could do it there with any steps. You could also do mean reverting. So if it reverts back to say zero or a positive number that you specify, for example, then it'll close the position. So here, for example, I would have bought. And here I would have sold here. I would have gone short on this, on the pair. And here I would have closed my neck short pair position, right? So there I would have gone short and then long. So the opposite to this because it's up here in the positive see school. So that is something to bear in mind, you know, how do you want to close? Well, you know back, there's many ideas you could have, right? But in our backtesting model, the way we've built this is so that you can test both end steps and mean reverting. And not only with the mean reverting. Could you do it as in, you know, closer position when it hits you? But there's also a part of this that says just keep opening positions as this keeps going past your threshold, right? So if your threshold is by when it hits, say, minus 1.5 by the spread, so when it does that you buy here, if in the next hour it's still there, you buy more, you buy more, you buy more to it to a limit and then you know, you close all the positions. For example, when it reverts or you can close all the positions in a different time period, there's many ways to do it. And basically, what I'm doing is really confusing the situation. But the reason I'm doing that is I want to show you have options. You can come up with any idea around entries and exits. So, you know, in the book that Ernest P. Chan wrote, you know, you could use Bollinger Bands around the spread. So if you were to look at a chart of the spread and then you have Bollinger Bands around those, you could place your entries and exits based on the Bollinger Bands around the spread. There's just so much you can do much more than we could just cover in this one course. So I'm giving, you know, two to three options here of what we could test out. So with that said, let's go back over to our Excel file here this one and have a look at what this model now means. So here we've got our price data here. This is in steps. And so what this column here is doing is it's just saying, you know, take the offset of column B. And essentially what it's doing is saying just fine me the next price that is say, for example, here I've got five time steps, right for closing longs and closing short positions. So what it's doing here is it's saying, OK, just take the price five times steps down. If you go one two three four five, you can see that's where this price came from there and there is one there and there is one there and there. So it's just dumping. It's just sorry, jumping down five times steps and that's calculating what the close price theoretically would be. And the same here for a symbol two. Now this section in green is for the long positions, and we're saying here go long. And the reason why it's going long on Exynos USDC or sorry, Bitcoin Cash USD T is because it's saying if the Z scores negative, then go long on symbol one. Otherwise, if the Z scores positive thing, go long on symbol to excuse me and vice versa. So if I scroll over here, offset go long. If if Z scores negative, go long with symbol one. In other words, then go short with symbol two. So that's what's happening here on this model. So that's that's how it knows in the green section which coin it's going long on, which coin it's going short on. Now, how should it know to actually go and, you know, place trade, how she didn't know to actually go and do that? Well, here we have this trigger and this trigger right now is very trigger happy, actually. So the trigger is saying, look, if the Z scores minus the threshold that we send. So if it's less than the threshold, we said here I set the threshold of one point one. But if it's if it's less, if the Z scores less than that, then it's a one and it'll just go along at every hour. It sees that opportunity. So that's right now how it's set up. It's not set up to just have one trade and then close it in five time steps. It's set up to just keep doing that and closing it in five by closing each one in five time steps until the Z score until the signal's not a one anymore. Here you can see the Z scores a positive one and you can see if I show you here with the Z Circle being a positive one. The Z scores above, obviously above zero. So the long coin is actually now Z. It's not Bitcoin Cash like before the rest of these columns does calculate, OK, what was the long? What was the close that obviously the longest, the current price, the close is the price and five time steps, because that's what we said. Here's the return. Let's assume we get a rebate because we do if we place a limit order. Plus there's probably some slippage, so we need to take that into account as a cost. And here's what would happen to my capital. So my capital here, I'm starting off with a thousand dollars for each side of the trade, and you should know exactly what percentage and what capital to use based on the video where we covered, you know, the Kelly Criterion and the amount of capital you should wager on, any bets will trade. And so this right hand section is the same thing, except it's for the shorting coin. So you can see here, if we're going long on Bitcoin Cash, then over here we're going short on X. And oh, so this would be the opposite side of the trade. And what's kind of interesting about this is, you know, both of these actually yielded positive. Yeah. This one yielded negative. This one was positive, but it seemed to work really well on paper. So if we scroll to the right, we can actually see the summary of all these numbers. Now I appreciate this is a lot to take in. There's a lot going on here. You can build your own model, right? You can build your own model for backtesting. And this backtesting model I've got here in Excel might actually be fraught with issues, literally only because I've used it a handful of times. So I'm sure it's got two issues in it somewhere. But the point here is you should have some kind of calculation to say, you know, did this make money or not? And if it says it made loads of money, then it's too good to be true. Just use that as a rule of thumb, if it looks like it's ridiculously profitable, you've got something wrong. Probably ninety nine point ninety nine percent of the time you've got something wrong. And I'm just telling you that because I'm coming from the school of hard knocks like I'm sure you're coming from. But this, you know, this looks very good, but I'm still very skeptical of it, right? So here I can change things I can say. All right. Well, what if you know what, if we put one point five as Aussie school threshold and you can see my profit changes, I went from having an ROI before of 20 per cent to an ROI of nine point five percent. So, you know, you can change the inputs and you can mess around with these. You can say, what if I don't get a rebate? Well, now I've gone down to 16 percent cent. What if I don't have to pay spread? I've gone up to thirty three point nine percent. Or you know what, if the spreads are not a problem, while the spread unfortunately is a problem for everyone? How many times steps? What if I just closed it in the next hour? As such, then actually I'm losing money in the strategy. But what's actually very interesting to me here is this win rate. It's if you think of the Kelly criterion again, the win rate is very, very interesting because actually I would expect one side, you know, to the net net of all of this to be someone's losing, someone's winning and that actually happens here. The long the profit for the long positions is a loss. But the arbitrage part of that is the shorts and net net. You know, we're making twenty point six per cent, which is our profit divided by our capital. As such, over there. So that's literally saying you take our profit divided by our capital times two, because we're placing a thousand dollars for each side and that's giving us our ROI. But a win rate is equally very, very interesting. And so what I'm looking for with a strategy is how strong is the win rate? Does it make profit? But how reliable? How often is this thing? Actually, right now, we've only got, say, you know, 200 samples of data and here it's actually a hundred and eighty. If I take away the column headings, I'm just looking at the count here of the column I've highlighted it's not very much so. We really need more data, but this is okay for now, and the best way to test the strategy is not to back tested, it's to forward test it. You know, machine learning is one thing you'll see on the crypto is channel. I use a lot. I love it. It's a. You my favorite thing to do. But aside from statistical arbitrage. But, you know, the forward testing is the way to go. This is just an indicator for us to compare the results of different cryptos that we analyzing. You now know how to pull up the charts, you know how to run the back testing data. You can just paste data in here and see how does it compare between various cryptos. And if you see which we will do together shortly. But if you see something looks really good and you think a crypto looks promising, then you want to forward test it. And what that means is you want to write the execution and executed in testnet like we're going to in the up and coming module. So that's, you know, that's what you want to do. Does it work in the real world, in real market environments? And also, you need to remember one thing here, right? We are just assuming that we're at these time intervals. Well, actually, a lot of the time when you're running a bots, it's running 24 seven. So there is no time interval. There's more thresholds, like when you know, what snapshot do you want to take? You know our one at if you're not using our, et cetera. And that's, you know, that's something to bear in mind. Now we can actually do both. So if I show you, for example, here we're going to go to the mean reverting strategy. So same coins again as I had before, and I get I'm going to zoom into this for you. Same coins we had before. But if a scroll to the right, this is now a mean reverting strategy. And I'm just going to flip this to know I'm going to explain this in a moment. But if we do the mean reverting strategy, so if we go back to our illustration here, if we buy here and close here or short here and close here, then you know, then that's mean reverting. We're saying when the Z score gets back to a mean or you know how it whatever we want to classify clauses the mean that we're reverting to, that's essentially what's going on there. So if we do the mean reverting strategy, I've got, you know, very few trades, unfortunately. So when I look at this for mean reversion, I've got to trade here and we don't close it for ages, for whatever reason. And then I've got another one over here again. All right. So I've not got enough sample data for the mean reversion. And again, that could be a calculation issue. I'd like to think not. I spend a lot of time on this, but they might be. And if I take away, you know, the costs of trading, then, you know, net net in the 180 hours that we've got here. So in a week, you know, we might make three percent, right? So and that's a we can a bit potentially. I think so, you know, three percent best case scenario based on that mean reversion or if I place the triggers like I've got them here now. One thing I've noticed that's very interesting, if I flip this to many opens, yes, we jump up to forty eight point five percent. This is too good to be true. I don't trust that. It doesn't make sense. I'm pretty sure that you're not going to make that kind of return anywhere near that. You would be like a trading hero internationally if you did that. But nonetheless, you know, I've looked at the model and I'm trying to work out why. And this is essentially what the many open means is it means, OK, let's say the Z score, you know, for example, let's say the Z score. I'm just going to get rid of some of this noise here to to make some room as become, you know, some kind of funky, funny number, right? So if we say, let's get rid of that, let's make this also green. So that's minus three. This can be plus three and this can be zero. So let's say that the Z score, you know, hit out negative one point one trigger here, it's a negative one point one and I'll plus one point one, you know, auto trigger. Well, the many open says, OK, let's open a position here and take like a fifth of our trading capital, and let's do another one in the next hour and another one in the next hour and just keep doing it as long as the Z score is actually negative. And then once we've done, say, all five of our quota and we might limited to two trades embodiments, it's 10, then don't place any more trades, but close the trades whenever any trades you've got open close, then when the Z score reverts back to just above zero. For example, if you're going long on the paths, you're right and going long on the pass means going long and simple one in this case and, you know, going short on symbol symbol too. So same thing as we had before. And so the opposite would be true here, right? So the Z score goes to this crazy place here. And so then we go short on the pair. Here we go. Shorts and a pair here, shorts here. And we just keep doing it to whatever quota we set. And then, you know, so every hour, essentially, we're coming and placing that trade until it gets back to zero, then we close all of these positions. And so we just keep doing that. Boing, boing, boing, boing. 7:07, Boing, Boing, Boing, Boing sending exactly what was. Boing, Boing, Boing, Boing, Boing. Selling, selling, selling, selling, selling, selling point, and that's essentially what this is doing here. It's actually using the end steps. It's using the Steps tab over here to figure out what the triggers are and the triggers are simply just saying, what is the Z score? Is it up above all your threshold or not? And then it's saying, OK, we'll just keep going long, but only closed on mean reversion. Don't close it in time steps only close it on mean reversion. Now, when I see a calculation like this, I know that there's something wrong in my Excel model. It just can't be this good. And you know, so the way to deal with this is to forward test it. You know, who's to say, does this actually work? And so what I'm going to be doing with you in this course for execution is we're first going to start with mean reversion without the many traits getting placed. So we'll just, you know, get some trades filled, one trade filled and then we'll executed at mean reversion. So there won't be many trades, but that's what I'm going to show you how to build. I'm also going to show you how to do it so that you can place mini limit orders and get your orders filled as limit orders so you can take advantage of this market making rebate. Because if you don't have this market making rebate, essentially your costs look like this, right? It's a negative rebates. And in fact, it's I think it's something like that, right? So you're going to be losing literally six percent. You've just lost six percent just because you're paying the Market Rebate. So that's something to bear in mind. And if I flip this back to, yes, you know, you can see that this looks really funky all of a sudden looks like it's costing us an awful lot of money. So this could be a terrible strategy and it could lose us, you know, tons of money. So that's something to bear in mind. One way, if you're not sure if this is funky, you can just delete that. And then you should expect and I can bring this maybe this note back to yes, over here, and that's saying I'll get a 60 percent return. There's no way. There's no way. So you can play with the model here. You can improve it if you find a problem with it, you know, updated upgraded email it over to me. That's fine. I'll update it for everyone else. So they've got the latest and greatest model. But the point here is not about, you know, having an Excel backtesting model. This is just a courtesy for you guys and gals who you know want something to be like, Hey, can I objectively test this and you can write your own formulas? You know exactly how to get the data. You know, here's your data here. You know exactly how to get it. You can write your own formulas that decide what your entry and exits are going to be and how much profit you would or would not have made. But I'm just including this for you because this is how I've done it. And for those of you who are using, you know, the crypto as its platform, you could just go to the backtesting tool and it's not set up for sprints. You could use the spread column to run the back test, much like we did in an earlier video. So you could just use the tool and going back test yours. Basically, any trading idea you have around this, you could back test it without having to write excel formulas, et cetera. But you know, not everybody's going to have that luxury, so it's a good idea anyway, regardless. To learn how to do the stuff in Excel so that when you do have automated tools like crypto is, it's we don't have to code stuff and you can quickly just test stuff. You know, you actually know what they're doing in, you know what you're trying to get it to do. So that's, you know, that's something to bear in mind as well. So with that said, let's take our data that we ran from before. So I'm going to, you know, minimize this a second here, and we had some data here. Let's take, you know, metric and copy all of that data. Let's paste it in our mean reverting tab. I'm going to highlight all of them a control v to paste that's pasted all our data over the formulas still seem to be working. That looks great. And here we can see we would have made four point seven percent return with the pair that we found. So I'm very happy with that. With Matic and X, that looks great. Four point seven percent in that period of time is great. If I flip this to yes, it says it would make twenty three percent. I don't believe that, but let's keep the many open to note for now. So this looks like a great great pair actually to explore and experiment with in terms of mean reversion. Let's go and copy that same data here, and I'm going to just copy all of that, and I'm going to paste that here in and steps. As such, just paste it over there and the same thing. And by the way, I should have checked this because this tab relies on any steps. I should have done that first, because the Mini Opens relies on that other tab. And actually, it's saying it would have done 63 percent. There's just there's no way. So there's definitely an error there somewhere with the calculation on the many steps. But nonetheless, what we can do is select this to know again and go back to and steps and see how this is looking so. Go over here and close it in five time steps, it actually looks really good just with the defaults. But if I change this to say 1.5, it's not as good. If I put it as 1.0, it actually it actually goes up. So 1.0 seems to be a good threshold to use. Let me give that another decimal place. And so that's looking pretty good, actually. The win rates for the lungs look fantastic. The shorts don't look good at all, but the lungs have made some serious over here. So let's say we closed it in one time period, we would have made a lot less money. It looks like let's try three time periods that looks good. Five five looks good as well. Let's go back to three five five. Looks like a sweet spot again. Again, let's keep simple one as the long. If I flip that round, we're losing money. So you need to make sure you're going long in the ride cymbal and short on on the ride cymbal. Otherwise you can lose money. But this is just a really easy to use model. I think you'll find it really useful. I'm going to show it to people in the channel, the YouTube channel as well, and any modifications I make to this or improvements and any updates to this course as well. In terms of, you know, just different tools and stuff. I will obviously updated on Udemy, but I will also publish a video on the YouTube channel so that people know, you know what I'm doing and what those updates are. A lot of the stuff I'm doing here for use, hot off the press, it needs to be tested more. But this is very exciting. You know, we have a model, it says here we'll be profitable. There's a lot of logic to this. I'm not seeing crazy numbers. I mean, I don't believe we'd had twenty seven point four percent. There's no way and probably we're going to be placing, you know, the what we call the market orders as well. So actually, if I factor that in and make this negative and make that, you know, seven five, then our profit goes right down as well. So that's, you know, that's something to bear in mind, too. So with that said, that is the model, and I recommend, you know, you try different cryptos here. I'm using Matic and sticks with you at the moment. So, you know, go with those if you want to, but by the time you do this course, they might not be there. They might not be integrated anymore. Go through the Python code, run the script with any coins you pick, you know, and you can pick those from the code integrated pairs list that we've got here. I'd say just go down this list and pick the pairs that you want to test them out and do that to your heart's content and find out, you know, what do you want to build your bought for? And it doesn't matter if you get it wrong. It doesn't matter if the Excel files wrong because you're going to really put the pretend money where our mouth is, you're going to go and actually build a trading bot. I'm going to show you how to build the mean reverting style one. And there we go. I've even got a script for the many trades version, and you will know by the end of this course whether I'm going to actually be giving that to you. You might even know at the beginning of this course, too, because I'm testing it to see, is it worth actually giving to people as well? So with that said, let's stop it here and in the next video, we're actually going to get into the execution so that we can forward test this. You can test it in a in a live environment, a live test environment, I should say, and make sure that you know your bot is actually working, so I will see you in the next one.