All right, so as committed, I really wanted to work on helping us take a quantum leap in terms of how we back test for pairs in statistical arbitrage pairs trading. And this is something that I've been working very hard on, and since launching the course, it just became very clear that there was a need right. We need better tooling around back testing. I couldn't find anything else out there online that could improve this process and make it a lot faster. And I committed to working on this. And so this is working, it's launched and it's here, and I'm going to talk through how to use it now. Now, before I do that, I do want to say that this is on crypto is it's of course, this is what the tooling has been developed for. If you're not on crypto is, it's then absolutely. Don't worry, I'm going to be covering a lot of backtesting concepts in this video as well, because I want to make sure that whether you use crypto is it or not, you're walking away from this video with a lot of value. If you're not interested in that and you're not interested in the platform, just move on. You don't need to watch this video at all it. It has no impact to the quality of the course, et cetera. But this is for those of you who you know, we're really waiting for this and we're asking for this. So let's get into that now. Again, if you're not using it, continue with Excel. You can also Google certain things on how to, for example, write some of the metrics that I'm going to show you using Python because through doing the course as well, a lot of you now will know some Python as well. You have enough Python knowledge to do that. So please, you should be able to take away the lessons here regardless. And implement them in your strategy. So the first thing we want to do is just go over here to school. And so I'm running here, Etherium to Chainlink, and right now they look so integrated and this can change on a dime. I had somebody very smart. They were writing into me and they were like, Hey, Sean, something is code integrated. And a few seconds later, it wasn't. That's OK because the price is live. If you notice the P value, the T value in the C value are very close to being correct in terms of the T value, you know, being less than the C value and the P school being less than 0.05 if they're not quite doing that. It doesn't mean that this is a bad pair to trade. It doesn't mean that. So, you know, not everything has to be green like it is right now. But regardless, there's nothing that's changed here, right? You've got your price charts. You've got you've spread beautiful spread here, actually on chain link in this area and here you've got your Z score. And so what I'm going to do now is show you this bit here. This is where the magic is. So if you click on show back test options and also there's something on the prescreened I've added for you as well that is in line with what I've taught everyone on how to do in the course. So it's going to automate that for you. Just as I think I mentioned before, I'll cover that at the end of the video. But for now, let's look at these backtesting options. So there's a number of things we can do here. So here I've got my Z score is the signal. I could change that to the spread. So if I change this to the spread, that means that my signal, my trigger will now be the spread. It'll ignore Z Score for making trading decisions, but you know, I'm always using Z Score. It's just because somebody on the channel was like, cool, but you know what happens if and you know who you are? By the way, I should point you out, but it was a great point. What happens if I use the spread? Well, actually, from what I can see, it actually still works if you use the spread. But I actually built this with you in mind, so I put that in there for you. So I thought it was a good idea. And then the long ticker just means, you know, if the Z score or the signal is negative, i.e. it's below zero, so the spread is below zero or the Z scores below zero, depending on what you're using here, we're using Z Score. What is the ticker that you want to go long on when it's negative and here it's ethereal light. So I'm always thinking about going long because long is typically what you do. When the signal is negative, the one you're buying is going to be a in. The one you're shorting is going to be changing. Now you can swap those around. So if you get a result you don't like, you can just flip them around from Etherium to link or whatever cryptos or stocks or this will work for commodities. So if you select S&P, just a side note, commodities, forex, stocks, all of that S&P five hundred versus pink elephants, you can do whatever you want there, but you can flip which ticker you're going along on the window here. This is just I use 21 because, as mentioned in the course, I like the film. Now the open trades and the closed trade at the open traded in the closed trade out. Sorry. These are always going to be positive. So for example, this is saying, all right, go long. Let's say I'm using Z-score. We now have one point five at saying go long. If the Z score reaches negative, one point five, go short when it reaches positive. One point five, right? That's what this open trade at means. The closed trader means close the trade when the Z score crosses to the other side and hits one point five. So, for example, if I open. Traded negative one point five and up here upset it at one point five. It will close the trade when the Z is hit one point five on the positive side. Conversely, if I open the pairs trade here with the Z score at positive one point five, it will close the trade once the Z score is touched. Negative one point five If I want it to be mean, reverting to zero, I would just make that zero. For now, I'll just leave it at one point five. That's what I've defaulted it up. Now you can put any value you want. If you're trading the spread, then you would use, say, 40 negative and 40 positive. It depends on what this chart is telling you, right? So this is this is how you would decide what to use, essentially. And then here we've got the closed time steps. So this is, let's say, for example, I don't want to even close the trade at just one point five. I also wanted to make sure that it closes within three time steps or two time steps, etc. So that's, you know, that's something you can do as well. If you don't want to use that, just leave it at zero. Typically, I leave that at zero now. And then you can put this, you know, these values to whatever you want. I'm just going to leave it at one point five and one point five. For example, I could put this to zero or 0.1 or whatever. Just as mentioned now. And in league result, this is just to avoid looking ahead bias, so it lags the trade by one time period, and you'll see because there's a PDF report, I'm going to show you, there's a full back testing report, it's a five page report that you're going to get as well. If you wanted more detail of the BAC test and it would look like the trade is not placing it the right value, well, that's not the case. It's actually to do with. It's actually to do with avoiding what's called look ahead bias. So typically I would leave this at yes. But what I'd recommend is run it at yes and no, because when you're trading crypto, it's kind of dubious as to whether you need to do that, and it also depends on how you're executing. So it's quite a tricky one for me to really go into detail of. But what I would say is, you know, flip between these two and take the worst of the two and assume that's the result. You get right and remember as well the one. I assume the result you should get, you'll get. I need to be careful then. What I say, just because something works in the past doesn't mean it works in the future. That's why we do forward testing. That's why we do the statistical arbitrage. Of course, we learn to build a bot. We trade in testnet with the bot so that you know how to build a bot for production. But equally, you can use the same bot for forward testing. Very important. But now let's actually run the back test. All I'm going to do is click this button. Obviously, when you know what you're doing, you don't need to bother with all that. It takes seconds, right? You find a pair, take the back test and you see what happens. You find a page, you click the back. You see what happens. Rinse and repeat. So actually, Chainlink and Ethereum comes out pretty strong. And honestly, most of these do. This is not some rare occasion here. Like, I've been playing a lot with this. I find most of the time they do, and I'll show you how to best navigate to the Arrow 10 percent. This is over a two week period that we've run this on. The shop ratio is one point five, which is pretty good. So Sharpe ratio, I think of it like this in very loose terms. Again, I don't want to make the coins out there who watch this for and be like, Sean, please, you need to be more accurate. But the Sharpe ratio essentially means for every dollar of risk or volatility, I'm getting a dollar fifty back in return. That's how you can think of the Sharpe ratio. It's a very important metric, and it's very useful when comparing it to how other peers did. You know, for example, let's say this one had an arrow of 10 percent and another project a 20 percent. Well, the one with the better Sharpe ratio is the one I would choose, because that actually means that it's doing pretty well in comparison to how volatile it is the win rate as well. We spoken about win rate a lot in the channel. I won't go into that now, but here's the PDF reports. If you just click that, you can download it, save it, you know, email it, whatever you want to do. This gives you a five page report which I'm going to talk you through now, and it's got all sorts of great information on very quickly. I wanted to mention. Also, don't forget that usually when you run these tools, it will automatically save an Excel file for you as well. So, for example, it'll save something called pairs back test. You can go and download it straight into excel. So, for example, if you just hit the down arrow on it. And for those of you who still want to play an excel, basically you can just do that. You can open it from here and then jump into excel to go and manipulate and play with, you know, play with the trade. So here it will tell you this is down each time step tells you what the close price was. It gives you all the metrics. It tells you what the calculations were. So for anyone who wants to analyze that, go ahead. I will warn you, though, when you do this, you are entering Pandora's box. This is many hours of calculations, et cetera. Some numbers, some columns are in log, some columns or not, so it's very easy to get thrown off. But for those of you who are interested in having the data, it's right here for you. OK? Back to the PDF report. So the first thing is your summary table here. It's got you win rates at the top. Annual returns down here. So here's your shot ratio one point five for your cumulative return. So this is your ROI essentially return on investment and then your annual return over here. So that's essentially what you know what this is looking at over here. The Sharpe ratio here, there's some other ratios. I'm going to do videos on the channel on because I want to dedicate a whole video to these. It's very important for people that are interested in backtesting. But Sharpe ratio, for example, looks at volatility, coma, for example. I believe it's sorry como. Yup, it's coma, which takes into account the maximum drawdown rather than volatility the skew courtesies annual volatility. Well, actually, the skewing ketosis is something again. I'm going to talk separately on what I want to do, rather than go into the detail of these metrics is talk to you about this here. So, for example, look at this blue line here. This sums up statistical arbitrage perfectly. These returns here. So this is not so much an equity curve. This is actually just looking at. Think of it like your account balance. So it's saying if I started with one dollar based on all the closed trades, what how many dollars did I end up with? Right. So here we hit just. Under one point one, they could still be a trade open, for example, where you still banking, you'll notice that this one point one is slightly lower than this number. This is using the actual returns for each time step, right? So it's weighing up no matter what point in time you sort of looked at your portfolio. How are you performing? This is looking at the end of all my closed trades. How did I do? And you're pretty much here at one point one. The Green Line is saying, you know, Chainlink over here, so you've got a key down here. How that performed and the pink line here is a therian. Now it makes sense that in pairs trading one of the coins isn't doing well, right? That's the that's kind of the point. One coin typically isn't going to do well and the other will. The arbitrage comes where one is doing better than the other one, right? There's a convergence between the prices and so the net of the two is the blue line, which is the net right. The net of both of these are the blue line. So this is something I'm looking at. I find it very useful here. We have the draw down. So this is like looking at your risk over time. So you can see your maximum drawdown net is about five percent. Very, very handy to know and drawdown as well. I will do a separate video on because drawdown is very important to know, you know what drawdown is and what it's actually calculating, because it's not. Typically, it's not calculating exactly what you think it is. It's actually taking peaks to troughs rather than zeros to troughs. Don't worry if that didn't make sense. It's not the purpose of this video. We've got a rolling Sharpe ratio in as well. Now these graphs will be blank if there's not more than one hundred and twenty seven time periods in your analysis. So that's just something that's very important to know. So, you know, look at the range of timestamps that this is over. It's it might or might not be useful if you're doing this over a long time frame, like, for example, six months of hourly data or a year worth of daily data. Then these become relevant because they show you when you Sharpe ratio improved or worsened, et cetera. This year show you see the opening and closing of your trades, and I love it because it shows you the signals on the prices. It shows it to you on the spread, and it shows the T on the Z school. So the Z scores what we use. That's the signal, but it's telling you at what point, you know, what was the value of the spread when that z score signal got triggered? What was the value of the price, you know, compared to the other price in the Z score got triggered? So it's telling you where the trades were opened and closed. For example, here we had a trade open and here we had one closed, opened and closed, open, closed. And it's not about the the, you know, the pay going up or down. It's about the convergence and divergence like this. Here is a beautiful trade. Look at this, right? So it opened here and it closed when they they touched each other, essentially. So you can think of it like that, but it's doing it based on the Z score. So you can see here, you know, open closed. Now, remember, we're lagging one time step. So you might see that oh it. It didn't close where I expected it to on the Z score. Well, that's because we put some lag in it. Right. This is just to try to avoid looking at bias, et cetera. It's a back test. It's not going to be perfect, right? But Test does not tell you just because this worked in the past, by the way, it doesn't mean it's going to work in the future. We've mentioned that. So just be careful about. But I find this very useful because it kind of shows me more than anything. It shows me the frequency of the trigger happening and where it kind of happened in ratio in relation to what the price action was doing. So it's just it's just context for me, and I find it very useful. So I wanted to put it in and then down here the returns. Right. So this is also useful. It's actually more useful, I think, other than peers trading. I also find it very useful because I've built the same PDF report, by the way, for those of you who use the back to back trade trader backtesting here, and by the way, this is not the same as back trade trader, the Python Library. This is like a proprietary backtesting algorithm here. It's not what the video is about, but you can back test anything it doesn't have to be pairs. Trading right can be anything. The same PDF report has also been developed with the same information there as well. Just so you're aware and the returns there is, you know, also very, very useful, essentially. And then down here, we've got the the log returns as well. So this is actually just showing you the distribution of returns. So that's pretty much it. You know, I hope that you found this part useful. I did want to just jump over here very quickly, going back to your Z-score tool over here to the Pre-screen tab, actually. So if we go to this Prescreen tab, you'll see that what it's doing now is it's giving you some numbers and it didn't do this before. For everyone who's, you know, done the course or has been through the course, through the strategy section of the course, you know how to calculate this yourself now in Python, I I'm never holding anything back. It's nothing. I'm I'm not telling anyone. I always want to give you everything. So you know how to do that. But there's this zero crossing counts. And so this is to help you see where the spread has a lot of crosses on the zero because typically for me, that's what I'm looking for. And so what I'll do here now is order these in order of high to low. No, you could do low to high or high to low. You could say OK, because this runs quite often as well. It says update each hour. I'm actually now working to get this update every half an hour, so I'll let you know when that's done. But it looks at the the Z score, right? And it'll tell you it will actually tell you if the Z, what are the big movers and z scores? That's what this tool does. But now it also tells you how good, how healthy does that spread look? And you know, some of these there was like one cross on the spread. So why am I interested in that one? Probably I'm not. So this is a really good way to filter what is useful. So let me just take the top one as an example, and let's just run that. I've not looked at this yet, so I don't know what it look like. It's still integrated, which is nice very often. That can change. Beautiful chart here and absolutely stunning spread. Absolutely stunning spread. Of course, we had this wacky move here, which is perfect actually for Piers trading, but look at look at this absolutely perfect spread. However, what does it actually look like if I practice this? So let's just start with our default, so we'll just run a quick life practice together. See what this comes out like. Is it actually profitable? So let's have a look. And it is very profitable, although I have one point five. So, you know, 50 per cent return, no gain. If you see anything like that, be terrified. Okay, that's you're probably not going to get a 50 percent return. It is just a back test. Really nice. Sharpe ratio, excellent win rate and PDF report. Of course, it's always going to be the same, right? That is always going to have the same five page report. But look at this right now. The reason why the net return is so good. So look at this is the interesting right. The the reason is because this coin here is performed very well. This one didn't really lose very much, right? So it was more that one coin just went a wall and reverted back to the mean. So that's a perfect that's a perfect opportunity in pairs trading when you get that so wonderful. Let's change this to one point one. Let's, you know, let's just see if that makes much of a difference. I'm going to go and hit back test here. And there we go, extracting data, et cetera, et cetera. That is this moment of suspense for me, I always have this moment of suspense, what's it going to show? OK, it's a lot worse. So so this is somewhere you might want to be really careful here, right? So your signal is really important, right? Don't just assume one point five is OK at 1.1 or whatever. In this example, one point one didn't work. So now you can test some different range is not a remember four test feature importance machine learning. For those of you who use crypto as it's use, the machine learning feature importance if you want to, you know, but just take things with a pinch of salt. Be very careful out there. Some results can look amazing. It doesn't mean that's what the future's going to hold, right? It doesn't mean that, but at least here you have an edge. You've got math behind you, you've got science behind, you've got back test reports behind you. Now this is in beta, right? The whole of crypto is it's is a beta software. This is me just building stuff that I find really useful and sharing it with the community. So please be careful. I just want to underline that. But regardless, I think, you know, I think this tool's fantastic for me. It's proving to be extremely useful, and I'm hoping that it's come through for you as well. See you in the next video.