We are about to embark on building the actual budget for trading based on the strategy and research that we've been doing in previous modules. So well done for getting this far because right now you will have the capability to run CO integration Z-score spread for any pay you like. And this gives you a real edge. You know, we had picked on Matic and SGX. And you can see that, you know, the CO integration between these two pairs looks beautiful. You know, we have a spread which is seems to always be mean, reverting up until recently here and we have a Z school, which is basically calculated on the back of that spread. And we have the price chart for the two pairs here, Matic being the blue one, being the orange one. The second one will always be the one in orange. And so this is very exciting, because we can see that, you know, there's an opportunity for trading here, had we gone back in time and taken advantage of these gaps or these big changes in spread, for example, here we can see the spread closed. You can see that happened here. There the spread closed, the spread open again and it closed. And here it's kind of more open than it's ever been. In fact, we can see it's rocketed up here. So either that's a risk or a big opportunity. There's always the risk to reward trade off. But this is very exciting for us, and now we're going to embark on actually developing the bot that takes advantage of this. And so that's very exciting. Now we spoke about in the previous module, you know, we had looked at the backtesting algorithms in Excel and we had seen that, you know, some of the calculations come back is too good to be true, which is why I'm very skeptical of them. In fact, right now, I've actually got a but as we speak, as I'm recording this, I have a bot trading the too good to be true version of that algorithm on Bitcoin Cash and. And you know, I will I will make a judgment based on how that bot performs. Whether that's worth pursuing further or not. But regardless, we're not going to go for the too good to be true strategy, and we're not going to use what I call the end steps strategy. The strategy that I've decided to develop here for you as part of this course is going to be the mean reversion without the many opens. All right. So this is going to be in simplistic terms. It's very straightforward what it does. In fact, I'm going to draw it here on this chart. It's going to look at, you know, whenever the Z score reaches an extreme value, for example, here it would short the pair here. And when it reverts back to, you know, below zero at zero here, it's going to close the trades. And then let's say there's another trade, for example, down here on the long position. You know, it would go long here. It would place a trade somewhere there and it would close that position somewhere when it reverts back to the mean. Say here. And same thing here, depending on wherever you put the threshold, let's say you put the threshold at one point one, it would be here and it would close it, you know, here. So it would just trade this constantly. And there's a reason why I've chosen that model. It is not more simple to build. In fact, it's a lot harder to build this in many ways because the way I'm going to build it is I'm going to build it so that it's not reliant upon timestamps. And you might be thinking, well, what does that mean? And so let's draw, let's actually draw here a candle. Right. So this is a candle. This can be, you know, a candlestick on any time period. And if you think about this is green candlesticks. So this is, you know, clearly this is going to be a upward ours. It will color that in green. And if you think about this candlestick over here, when we're looking at candlesticks or prices, for example, going back to excel, if I scroll to the if I scroll to the left here and just go to the very left of this, yeah, you can see, you know, here are our clothes prices. Well, these are the clothes prices at the time. Step at the end of each hour. So it's this price up here. If it's an up and if it's a down candle, it would be this price down here. But as you can see, because of the high and the low at some point during that time period, you know, the price does go up to that close and back down to the Z score, you know, the Z-score school could actually end up somewhere really high and then come back down again because the price normalized. And none of that can be reflected in our back testing data because we're only getting that close price or the high price. Whatever you choose to use, you only you only getting that price. Even if you took an average, you're only getting one price. But the market is moving all the time in microseconds. It's moving constantly. And the idea here was, you know, if this course is really going to be worth its salt, we need to show you how to develop a bot which trades 24-7. But not only that, it you know it's trading based on price action within the time frame. And that is much more difficult to do because what that means is you have to have the bot constantly running and just like you would from your machine. If you were to treat it based on only checking the price each hour, that's very easy. Actually, what you do is you use a service, you could use a Roku or you could use Python anywhere or you could use, you know, Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud. There's many ways to, you know, deploy a bot to run without having to use your computer. You could do that and just tell it to run the script once every hour so you don't have to manage anything in between if the price goes haywire. You bought wouldn't know because it's not running. It only runs, you know, on the hour every hour or when you tell it to to run. And right now, the bot actually that I've got running in the background is is doing exactly that. But I don't want to stop there. You know, what I want to do is start actually in the deep end. I want us to build a bot that is running constantly. That's checking the market, you know, constantly, because my hypothesis is that if there is a big swing within the candlestick, but within that time period, there is a big swing and it closes very quickly. Well, that's fantastic because your board has got in and out of a trade and made money quickly with lower risk. And that's that's how I'm looking at that. The other side is it will teach you more on the programming side. It will teach you, you know, how to program within a loop. So we will use of while true, in other words, while something's true, just keep doing it. And that means that basically it's like flipping the on switch. The program just runs. And so that is what we're going to be building. We're essentially going to be doing that and we're going to be building in a number of ways. You can trade your board. I'm going to build in options for you to test and play with because the reality is, you know, I'm doing this at this point in time when you do this course. The market's moved. Probably what cryptos you're looking at have moved. You probably don't even have these cryptos up there. They probably change. Probably not to integrate it anymore. Maybe, maybe not. Right. So the point of this course is to teach you the principles so that you can play with it yourself. You can experiment. And that is how you gain your edge. You have an idea. It's an idea that suits you. It makes sense to you. It's this logic behind it and you have now you are equipped now with the tools to do that. So if you think about it here, you know, we're going to go. We're going to use these signals here on the Z-score to buy and sell. But what we're also going to do is we're going to implement the ability for you to use limit orders so that you can take advantage of the market making rebates. So let's say you have your entry here. It's going to know the optimal size to place an order for and you can customize that size and it'll, you know, send that little packet to the exchange and say, Hey, you know, can you fill me for this? You know, this book this box here on the order book. And if you're not sure what I'm referring to, you need to go back and watch the order book section in one of the prior modules. And so that's what it will do, right? And then once that gets filled, it'll say, OK, cool, keep going. Please feel more peaceful, more peaceful M. until your quota is, you know, at its maximum, and it might not actually get that far. Maybe it only gets that far can only fill two of your orders. That's fine. But then you know you got them at a really good price. So with a market order, it will just fill everything. So I'm going to show you how to develop this to work for limit orders, but for the actual development to get the bot finished. Because you know this, the development and testing for this takes a lot of time. And it it it doesn't really make sense to wait weeks between each video or days between each video, because this course would just take too long to get out. So I'm going to build this for you, going to test it with you. But then for the rest of the course, we're actually just going to place what I'm just going to call direct market orders, right? So that's just going to be an aggressive audit to say by the latest at the best price, you're going to pay a fee for that. And that's just how it is. And the reason we're doing that again is just so that we can make sense of the course and we can get through it. And you know, you can have the end to end understanding. So we're really leaving. No, you know, we're leaving no stone unturned, essentially by going through this method. And I think that you're going to get an awful lot out of it. So in the next video, now we're going to talk through the game plan, just like we did in the strategy session. We're going to now do that for the execution session. So I shall see you over there in the next tutorial shortly.