So congratulations on getting this far. We're ready to get all of our Lego blocks and put them together to build something truly cool, so the first thing we want to do is we want to get our bot running. So the first thing I'm going to do here is I'm going to say, you know, initial printout. I want to let the user know, let ourselves know at any point in time, where are we right? So let's print here. Stats are bots initiated? Or let's just call it stat board. That's the name of the Bot STAT Bot initiated and Dot Dot Dot and lets just print this. I'm going to right click on main execution. Run Main execution. And we should get that prince out, and there it is there. If I hit play again. Takes its time, but there it is. So why is it taking so long to run? Well, it's going to our config file, but also importantly, it's having to get, you know, all of those connections, et cetera, that we've set up before. And that's going to take a little bit of time. And then so what are we going to do here is initialize initialize variables here. And the first thing we're going to start off with is a status dictionary because we're going to save that to a file at any point because we've created a function that will do that and that will let us know at any point where the spot is. And I'm going to put here message. And because it's a dictionary that needs to be in quotes like that and the message is simply just going to be starting as such. And then the next thing I want to do here within this is also, you know, order long is an empty dictionary and order short is also equal to an empty dictionary right now. And the signals sign so signal something positive is equal to false because right now it should be and then kill switch. Or right now it shouldn't be anything. Killswitch is equal to zero. So what's going on here with this kill switch? Let's talk about that for a moment. So what we're going to essentially be doing here is when the kill switch is zero, that means we're good to go. We get to place trades when the kill switch is a one, that's going to mean, OK, you know, we've got trades placed. We need to manage them. And finally, once we've done all of that, if if we need to close a position, the kill switch will be too. So you can you can imagine if the kill switch is zero, then what that means is we're good to go, we good to look for trades and to place them. If it's one, manage those trades, if it's to close them. So that's what the kill switch is going to relate to. It doesn't relate to closing the but maybe I've just worded kill switch very badly. You can name it something else if you'd prefer. So here we're going to save the status as well, and we're going to say save status and the dictionary is going to be our status dictionary that we put above. And in fact, what we'll do is just cut this here. Pasted in like that and get rid of this status, take. Well, actually note let's keep it there like that because then we can just add to it. I guess that's the point. So I'll just undo that to keep it, as I had it before. That's fine. Now what we need to do is set the leverage. So just following our plan. So we're going to set leverage in case we've gotten to do so. On the platform. Right. And so here we going to prince here, and we're going to say, you know, checking and setting or we're not even checking the leverage, we're just going to say setting leverage because we never wrote a function to check it. Clearly, not that good. And so set leverage. Signal signal positive ticker so that we're going to set the leverage for the first ticker. And we're also going to set it for another ticker that said, both those tickers are now going to have the leverage set. And here we're going to say commence. But right, so this is the start, right? And so before we do that, we're going to just print out seeking trades. And here we go. So while true now this is the very start of a bot, it's going to loop through this. And so we need to make sure that because we have a loop that we are pausing for three seconds on each round or any amount of seconds you want, it's just to protect the API. So here we're going to go, you know, time dot sleep and we'll sleep for three seconds there. Now, once we've done that, what we want to do here is check if open trades already exist. I'd say if open trades already exist. And so, you know, is p four positive? Is the positive ticker open? Are there any open trades with a positive ticker? And this would be open position confirmation signal positive ticker that we're going to pause in there and that will return if that trade is open or not. And then here we're going to say, you know, if the for the negative ticker is that open, then it will come back and tell us if it is. What about active ride? So is the positive ticker active or any active positions for an active position confirmation signal, positive ticker and the same thing here for the negative once again for negative and positive will change to negative as follows. So we've written these functions if I hit command and click on it, you can see the functions here. These are what we wrote before they will return true or false if these positions are active or open, etc. So that's what we're going to do there now. Very cool thing you can do with Python is I'm going to create something called checks all, and it's going to be putting into the following all of these four items, and it's just to keep our code nice and neat. So we'll put those all in a list. So what you can do is then run a check on that list to see if they all match. So is manage new trades and that is going to be equal to not any of the checks. Also, what is this doing when it's saying these need to all be false in order for us to consider placing a trade line if all of these are false? In other words, if any of these are true, this will come back, as you know, true. So we're saying, if not any of these are true. This, this, this and this is managed new trades is then true, right? That means we can now manage new trades and go in, you know, go and play some trades. And so what we're going to do here is we're going to save the status, save the status, and we're going to say, you know, status dict statistics as follows, and we're going to add an item into that dictionary. Actually, we've already got message. So we'll just update that and we'll say, you know, initial checks, initial checks made dot dot dot. And we will also put those checks into the dictionary just so we can see how they're looking. So we'll add in something here. We'll call it, I don't know checks and we will say, you know, that is equal to checks or and then save status and that's status dictionary. So you can see because we created a function for saving the dictionary to adjacent file that should save a file here, and we should be all good. So that's going to save the status there. So that's good. So far, we still got a bit more to do here and even nearly there. But you know, we need to actually initiate, initiate going and looking for trades. So here we're going to say check for signal and place new trades as follows. And so what we're going to do here is we're going to see if is managed new trades, which is what we just checked there and kill switch is equal to zero because that's the only time we should be looking to place trades in status text message. It's going to be equal to managing managing new trades, dot, dot, dot, and that's going to give us an idea of what's going on. We're going to save that status again of the statistics. So a lot of the code is just about messaging, telling the user what's you know, where the bot is up, what it's actually doing right now and I'll kill switch is going to be equal to manage new trades, kill, switch. And so right now, if we go to manage new trades, it's not doing anything. So here we can just return zero for now. That's absolutely fine. We're going to do a lot of work on this, but that is what that kill switch is going to do. It's going to go and essentially do exactly what we planned for it to do. So if we go back over to our stuff over here, manage new trades, it's going to go through all of this logic we discussed before. Check if it's hot, if it's hot, you know, do its thing and only return a number two if we need to then close the trades. So you know, this is going to just do its thing and loop around and do what it needs to do and then rinse and repeat. So let's go back over here. That's going to set the kill switch, and that's for managing new trades. But we also need to close all open positions and trades. So actually, what we could do is, say, close all active orders and positions. That's a better way to think of it. And we'll only do that if kill switch is equal to to the kill switch is equal to two. Then we're going to say status dictionary message. So we'll actually we'll just copy this here as we had it there, and we will replace manage managing new trades with closing existing trades. Very useful and the kill switch here. Again, it's very similar to the above. It's going to be equal to close or positions, which is one of the very first functions that we wrote earlier and that will kill all of our positions. And once it's done that, we're going to want it to just take a breather for, you know, five seconds or whatever. So here we are, going to go to sleep for five seconds. No, that will be timed to sleep after it's done that and it'll return then to trying to place trades again. Now you want to. You might want to make this sleep for an hour. You could go 60 times, 60 for an hour or whatever. I'm just going to put five seconds. It depends how long you're going to want the bot to wait before it goes and places new trades. But for now, I'm going to put five seconds, if you put it too long. What will happen is your web socket connection will just get destroyed because that's what Bybit will do. So if you do make this leap for a long time, you want to make sure that you know it's looping through pinging that web socket to keep it active. Right? It's not something I'm really looking to cover here in this course around pinging web sockets, et cetera. But you can see how to do that. It's right here on the Bybit documentation. So if we go over to the web socket section over here and I scroll down, there should be here pin. It depends how you use the web socket, whether you're using the one that they sort of structuring here for you or not, but you can ping it like that or you can just have it return data if you can't get the ping to work. That's absolutely fine. But I'm just going to keep it simple and just sleep for five seconds and then ask the bot to get back in action. So let's hit play and make sure that it's nothing buggy going on and see what happens now. I'm watching this area here to see if a file gets created anywhere. And here we go. So is that what initiated setting leverage seeking trades? And here it is. It's doing it's absolutely doing its thing right now. So that's really, really good. Now, I haven't seen it actually go and save a file. That's something that's quite interesting to me. So I'm wondering where that file is that we've told it to save. Let's look at the save status. Jason Dump. There's the dictionary there as a piece that should be all working, and let's see why that has not saved. Let me stop this spot running. Oh, I had to stop the bot running actually to see the status, Jason. So if I look at the status here. Here it is. Managing new trades, checks false. So one of the things we can do here is let's open up Firefox and let's get the JSON file. So if we get that file from our execution folder, drag it in here like we did before in the strategy session, you can see it here. So if I go and hit run again on this, but you'll see here it starts. So step by initiated setting leverage seeking trades, I can refresh this and and you saw it change there on the refresh, but at least it lets me know, you know where it's up. And the reason I'm showing you this is, you know, you could do this many ways. Okay, this course is not about building a gooey interface for a bot or building a react web interface for managing your bots or whatever it's going to be. You know, that would be a whole course or a number of courses in itself. This is just teaching you how to build the bot, right? But if you are somebody who wants to save the status in a database, you could have the status of the bot at all times. You go to a database that you have a front end part, you know, retrieving that information, et cetera. But my view is don't bother with all that until you have a bot which is actually making your money where you want to then go and fine tune and tweak that. But then by all means, you know, build that gooey interface around it. Sell your bot if you want to. If it's profitable, if it's not profitable, please don't sell your bots. But that is how you can think about that. So in the next video, what are we going to do? Because we've already dealt with closing all positions here. That was pretty straightforward. We're going to start with this managing new trade. So we're going to go to this file here. I'm going to close all other tabs and we're going to start building out this managing new trades file.