Right. Let's get some of the organs put into the body overall. But over here, and let's get going. Doing that now, so we're going to get rid of this return zero at the bottom. And here we're going to set output put variables. And I'm going to call these the order long I.D. and not all of these will be output, actually, so I think we'll just call the set variables all along. It is going to be equal to just an empty string. The order short ID and these are if we have, you know, a short or long order placed will be equal to nothing. The signals side and these this will make more sense to you as we go in. We'll be nothing right now and hot, which you should know. What that is about is going to be equal to false because right now there is no hot trade happening and to know if a hot trade is happening. We need to get and save the latest Z-score bytes. That's what we need to do. How are we going to do that really easily? We're just going to say Cisco. And that's going to be signal sign positive signal sign positive as such is going to be equal to get the latest Z-score. And that should be as simple as that. Yeah, that's good print. Z-score and Signal seem positive and see is all about working so far. Or have we made any mistakes in our code? So let's stop this bot running from before I didn't even realize I had it running. Stop the bot running. And here let's go to right click on Main Execution Run. And that should. Prints out the Z-score and the signal sign positive, so let's see if it does that and it's done that it's still running, by the way, it won't tell you if it's not running anymore because it's now on the wild, true loop. It'll just run forever. So let's click on the red button up here to stop, and we should be able to stop it there. There we go. It's stopped. So the Z score is currently zero point seven one three zero eight one, etc. And it's a positive sign. Right. So it's saying that it's positive. So that's great. Now that we know we can get the Z score, we can actually go and trigger the hot the but to be hot, we can go and trigger that because we know this disease course. Yeah, I'm going to say, you know, switch to hot if meets threshold signal threshold, which is what we said in our configuration file. And also, I'm going to put another note here for you, actually. Note you can add in the current flag check two if you want extra vigilance, let's say. Right. So I'm not going to do that. Check here, but I'm letting you know where you can add it in. So here I'm going to say if the absolute Z-score is a Z score, I need the absolute. If it's negative, I just need to know if the absolute of that number, i.e. it needs to be made positive is greater than the signal trigger threshold. Then what are we going to do is we're going to activate the hot trigger. So that means hot is going to be equal to true, true as such, and we are going to print here. I'm going to make it quite obvious. I'm going to put two dashes like this trade status hot, and that means we're going to be monitoring existing trade. So let's do that trade status, hot monitoring this as well, monitoring existing trades, placing and monitoring existing trades, and that will let us know exactly where the bodies are there. I'm not going to be updating the the JSON file here because actually, I don't think it will update within a function within the while. True. I tried it before. It didn't really work. But you know what you could be doing here is you could send some data to a database and then retrieve the information there, etc. if you wanted to. But I'm just going to print it here because it's not going to be printing very often. It will only do it whenever it's close to trade and it's starting to open new ones. And the reason for that is because now we need to determine the trade. So here we're going to, you know, actually construct our trades. Or in fact, here we're going to just say place and manage trades as such. So if hot, which now it should be and kill switch is equal to zero, then what we need to do is start actually managing these trades here. So we're going to say get the trades history for liquidity because we're going to need that in order to know how much capital we want to put in. This is especially if we're doing limit orders. So we're going to say, you know, the average liquidity liquidity. For ticker P for positive ticker and last price for positive ticker, those are things that come out of the function we built. Forget trigger ticker trade liquidity, which is going to be the signal positive ticker and there it is signal positive ticker. And here I'm going to duplicate that and change this to an end for negative and this p here also to an end. And this is going to be the negative ticker over here. Now, interestingly enough, this might not trigger and I'll show you why, right? So if we print the Z score, so actually, that's let's do this. That's print the average liquidity here and the last price or the average liquidity. We'll just do it here for the negative ticker. Let's go and print this. We might not see it prints. We might not see this print. Why won't we see that print? Think about it for a moment. Well, we did see it, Prince, why did we see it print? Let's think about that for a moment. And the reason for that is because the Z-score right now did trigger right disease called did trigger. And why is that? Because the Z scores come out at one point 106, which is above our threshold, and that's just by accident. It might not have been 1.1 to six before, but it is now right. And so it did Prince if it was below our threshold of 1.1. And if you think about going back to our execution file here, our Z score signal threshold, we said at one point one. So if you know it was below that, none of this would have prints it out because it wouldn't be hot, et cetera. So the reason it did that is because of the Z score now while still developing. If you have an issue with that, if you have an issue where the Z score is just not fitting within the threshold, then just temporarily change the threshold to be one that always triggers the signal. Right. So we could move it to like zero point zero one. And that's how, you know, Z-score will always be triggered and it will always be placing trades. And that's what I had to do before. It makes a lot of sense, right? And so there you go. And because it was looping through, you can see that, you know, it printed out the average liquidity, which is currently twenty two metric and then one point two sticks is the average liquidity for that. And then the Z score, then it just did the same thing again. But it changed dramatically, actually on the average liquidity here for stocks. So there must be something going on with those trades over there, you know, due to a lack of liquidity on stocks, actually. So that's something to potentially look into. So with that said, we'll carry on going. What we need to do next is make sure that we determine the long and the short tickers if we go back to our plan here and we find it there. You know, we need to actually confirm what are the long and what are the shorts. So I'll see you there shortly.