So something we need to get right is the direction of the long and the short. So if a position is ready to be placed, in other words, if we're in the hot mode right, the Z-score say is above 1.1 or below negative 1.1, then we need to place a trade that's all signal. So how do we know what ticker to go long on? Well, we have it in our spreadsheet as well. So we have that defined here in terms of which ticker is going to go short when something happens in which ticket's going to go long. And we've also done that in our config file over here, right? We've got signal positive, ticker, etc. So if the signal is positive, then we're going to go long on ticket too. Otherwise, we're going to go short on to target to. So if the signal is positive, it's greater than one point one, then we're going to go long on the ticker to. If this signal is less than one point negative, one point one, it's negative. Then we're going to go long on to a one. And that's how we're going to do it, and if we look at our spreadsheet here, we did it like this, right? So if the signal? Is negative, it's simple one. Went negative, go long when the east goes negative on symbol one, I go short on symbol two. And so that's what we need to program in here is just for the board to know which ones to go short on, which one to go along. And so I'm going to get rid of this print statement. Sorry from previously. And we're going to put in comments here and make sure this is within the if statement within the if not. And here we're going to just say, you know, determined long, long tiger versus short tiger. And so what are we going to see is if the signals sign positive. So if signal sign positive, so if that's actually true, then Long Tiger is going to be equal to signal positive tiger. So what does that mean? Well, that means that if it's long. Right, so if it's signal positive ticker and it's coming through that it is in fact positive it's it's greater than positive 1.1, then the long ticker is going to be signal positive ticker. Otherwise, the short ticker and I should say in that case, the short signal ticker is the signal negative ticker. So this is something which is very easy to get wrong. I might even get it wrong, but we need to just, you know, bear that in mind and then our average liquidity. So average liquidity, and we're just going to type this out as long as it's going to be equal to the average liquidity for ticker P. And so that's what the average liquidity is going to be. And the average liquidity for short is going to then be the average liquidity for taker. And as such, and in the last price, long is going to be equal to the last price peak that we have up here. We're getting that from our liquidity over there. And the last price shot. So I'm just going to duplicate that last price shot. It's going to be equal to the last price. And as such, and then here I'm going to say else and I'm going to copy all of this here, but then we're going to replace some of it. The long ticker is going to be equal to the signal negative ticker. So if it's not the case, if the signal sign is negative, it's not positive in the long ticker will be that on the short to go will be the other way around. And this year will be an end as such. And this one here will be a peak and the lowest price here for the long will be end and this one will be peace. All we're doing is doing the exact opposite of this. And then now we need to think about our Phil targets. So, you know, how much do we want our fill positions to be right? So in other words, how much capital are we going to go and put in on our first trade? And how much are we going to try and trade in total? So I'm going to call those our fill targets. This is all about, you know, how much money are we putting into the trade? So our capital for the long position because we're going to need to quantify that is going to be equal to the tradable capital US dollar tether that we set. So that, I believe is two thousand and we're going to take 0.5 that we're going to take half of that. So we're literally going to take our total tradable capital here, which you can see it's two thousand and half it for the long and half it for the short. That's what we're going to do here. And so I'm going to duplicate this and I'm going to say, you know, the capital short, therefore needs to be equal to the tradable capital, US dollar tether minus whatever we just put here for long. And so that's going to give it a 50:50 ratio. I could have just, you know, specified these as exact numbers in the config, but this is the way I've chosen to do it. And then our initial. So this is our initial fill target for long position. And let's specify that that's in us. Dollar Tether is a very long variable name is equal to the average liquidity for a long. Times by the last price for the long. And so now you can see why this last price got used in that function. Because we're actually taking whatever that amount is in that crypto times, it's US dollar price to get to the total US dollars. So that's what that there is doing. And the same thing here, not for the long, but for the shorts. So we're going to replace that there to say shorts. And that's going to be average liquidity short times by last price shorts. And there we go. So that's helping us get that in place. And then our initial capital injection, USDC is going to be equal to the minimum of the initial fill target. Long USDC T. And the initial filled target shot us. So what is going on here? What is all of this? So we know what items to use for what we know, what prices are going to be for long. We know what prices are going to be for short in terms of quantifying capital. We know what our long symbol is going to be. We know what we're going to short. We've worked that out based on the direction of that signal. And then we're deciding that because this is for placing a limit order. Remember, this is not for placing a market order, which is why we're doing this. Our strategy is very I would say it's straightforward. It doesn't feel straightforward. But straightforwardly, what we're doing is we're taking, you know, whatever that average liquidity is. And if it's, you know, Matic or SGX, whichever has the lowest amount of average orders filled, that's the limit we're going to set so that we're placing the same amounts of capital on both sides. We're going to take this initial capital injection and we're going to use that for both the long position and the short position. So we're going to take the minimum amount right and get that minimum amount that minimum and that minimum amounts injected in for our first trade. And then once both the trades have filled, then we will inject another round and we would just keep injecting. And so the total amount of capital that we wanted to be placed is filled. And so it's just going to, you know, try to get the position filled for each crypto and only when both of those are filled with to try to do the same again and again and again and again until these limit orders are completely filled. And that's that's what essentially we're doing here. If you're not comfortable with that. Just go with the market orders or come up with your own strategy around how much you wanted to invest, you know, on the limit orders. And so here, what I'm going to do is ensure the initial capital does not exceed the limits set in the configuration. So this is very important here. So we're going to say if limits order basis, in other words, we are trading based on limit orders, not market orders. Then if the initial capital injection US dollar tether is greater than the capital long right, then we want to make sure that we use that we set the the initial capital. And this will be USD t equal to the capital, not capital. Short-Circuit the capital long. So what this is saying is if this initial capital injection is greater than the amount of capital we actually have to invest well, then just take take the capital we have to invest. Don't try to trade more than we have specified to trade, right? So that's what that saying else what we can do is just copy that the initial capital USDC T is going to be equal to the initial capital injection USD. So it's just protecting us to make sure we don't try to trade over the amount we have. And then down here, we're going to say else. So if it's a market order basis, then the initial capital USDC T is going to be equal to the capital long. And it's as straightforward as that and I could have said equal to the capital shorts. Either way, that would have been fine. But what it means is take half of $2000 if it's the capital, you know, is more otherwise, you know, if the the amount of liquidity sorry is more. Otherwise, if the amount of liquidity is less, then take that lesser amount of the amount of liquidity that's in the order book that would likely get us filled. And if if we're placing market orders, we literally don't care about any of that. You know, just take this capital long figure and just go with that. So that's what this is essentially doing over here. And then finally, what we need to do just to tie off on setting the capital is set the remaining capital, right. So that's going to be very important because what we want to do there is set the remaining capital because as capital gets eaten into, we need to know how much is remaining. So remaining capital long is going to be equal to the capital long. That's how it's going to start. And the remaining capital short is going to be equal to the capital short. And that is where we're going to pause for here. And in the next video, we're going to actually go and initialize the order execution, which we've done before. But this is how far we'll get here. So let's actually print out our remaining capital long and our remaining capital short, and it might not print. It depends on where the Z score is at. So up here, what I'm going to do as well is. I'm actually going to just print the Z-score so that we know where that is at its try and run that and we see where that gets to ride setting leverage seeking trades. Let's see where we get to now. Hopefully, we'll have a Z-score. There we go. So we've got a Z score and that all seems to be good there. So what is this true item being shown down here? Let's just have a look. I can't recall it needing to print true anywhere. So here we're printing the Z score. And let's see here, oh, at the bottom here, right, we're printing the Z score at the bottom. So actually, I don't need to print Z-score there and I'm actually going to remove this Z-score print at the bottom as well and just get rid of that and I'm going to stop running the bot now. The Z-score currently is at zero point five eight, so I'm going to just set this bot so that the Z score. Sorry, I'm clicking around here so that the Z score right now, the signals at zero point zero one, that's just going to make sure that no matter what is going to think, we have to place a trade. And that way I don't have to wait for the market, for me to build my bot. So let's try that again to play and it should definitely print. The states is hot and it should definitely give us some remaining capital to trade in, you know, for the long position and the short position. And there it is. It's given us a thousand dollars to trade for the long position and a thousand dollars to trade for the short position. That's what it's done so far. So with that said, so far, we are good. And if you really want to test that, we can also punch in one third one here, which is what is the initial capital that is going to trade. So let's just run that again anyway, just for confidence and peace of mind that that has been calculated correctly. So let's see what that actually pushes through over here as we go. So we should see status hot and there you go. So interestingly enough, when it looks at the liquidity in the order book, it's saying, Hey, if you're going to place this limit order, don't put an order in for a thousand dollars because there's just not enough of that volume going through. Put it in at $31 initially and keep putting in 31 dollar orders for both the long and the short to go until there's $31 reaches a thousand dollars. So that's a lot of limit orders. It's going to try and, you know, incrementally place in. If you place the market order, it would just place a market order for a thousand dollars. It would eat up your order book. You're going to get a much worse price and probably about going to be losing some money. Who knows? But if I go over here now to my positions, you'll see my positions have closed. And if I look at my filled positions or sorry order history, hopefully I'll see my closed panel for my other coins. No, we will do a separate review on that. We'll do a separate review on that, on a separate video to see how my other board is doing so that you can see that when you're placing a market order, you really are at a disadvantage in terms of the price. I mean, you can imagine here for Matic, you know, if I'm taking a thousand dollars or for SGX, sorry, I'm probably eating up that order book, right? So if we go here to stocks and I look at that probably because of the amount of liquidity now slow, this is thousand would eat this up and we'd be getting, you know, on average, a much, much worse price, etc..