So what do we need to do next? Well, what we've got to do next is we need to actually go and place the trades because right now the signal that we're getting is that it's hot, right? The Z score is within range and we want to go and actually place some trades got our capital. We know what our long and short should be, et cetera. So we going to get rid of all these print statements. And now what we're going to do is essentially trade until filled or signal is false. All right. So we're going to trade until either we're totally filled, i.e. if we place a market order will assume a filled or our signal is false. And so what are we going to do here? Order status long. It's equal to these inverted commas over here. Order status short. Is equal to these here and out counts long. These are just all variables which we're putting in at the moment and accounts short are equal to zero. Both of those will be equal to zero. And the reason why we're initializing those variables is we're going to use them in a minute because we're going to enter another loop and that loop is going to be. Well, the kill switch is equal to zero, then it's going to loop through here. So what does that mean? It's going to just keep trying to place trades until the kill switch is one or two. In our case, one. So essentially what what will happen is we will set the kill switch to one once we know our positions are filled and once our kill switch is won, then that will return. You know, to say that, hey, don't place any more trades and you know this here we'll look for the Z score. And if the Z score then has flipped to a place where we shouldn't place, where we should close our positions, it will go back and close those. But we're quite a way away from there right now. So what we need to do is if the while the kill switch is zero, then place a limit order. So right now we're dealing with limit orders, and that would be a long right. And in fact, this could be a market order. So I'm just going to say place order and that is going to be a long position. And then here we're going to say if the count's long is equal to zero. In other words, we haven't already, you know, placed a trade here for the longest. If the counseling is equal to zero, then the order long. Because we want the order ID for the long position, it's going to be, you guessed it, initialize order execution, right? So this is going to take in our up, which is a long ticker. It's going to take in the direction of long. That's how it knows it's going to be long. And initial capital USD T is the amount that is going to buy. And I'll counsel long. Once it's done that, it's going to be equal to one because that order is now being put in place. And that's if the if sorry, there is an order long ID else it will remain a zero. And our remaining capital long will be equal to whatever it was before the remaining capital long minus the initial capital USD. So that will just say that our remaining capital long is it's no longer like it was. And also, if the counts? Short, sorry. So this will be doing the comments. Yes, and place limit order. And again, sorry, this won't be the limit order. This would be placed order for short position if counts short is equal to zero, exactly the same thing. In fact, we just got to copy this. We need to be careful when we copying and pasting because it's easy to forget to do things. We need to change the word long to short. It's going to be a shorter, short ID than we need. The short ticker here, we need short there and also the same amount of capital is being invested. And then the counts short is going to be equal to one. If the order short, I if there is order, short it otherwise, but zero. And our remaining capital short is going to be equal to our remaining capital short minus the initial capital USD T, and that should actually go and place the trades for us. Let's actually test this out. So we're going to print. Yeah, we're going to print out a order short ID here, and we're going to do the same thing here. We're going to print our order long ID here and take a look. Did this actually go and play some orders? So right, let's stop the bot from running. I didn't even realize it was still running, and let's just go and hit play. Right. So step out initiated setting leverage seeking trades traits that it should be hot any minute. Yup. And there we go. And there's our order IDs, the boss still running. And you'll notice it's not placing any more orders. And that's because the counts is long and the counts of the short story. The counts long is one, the count shortest one. So it's not going to just keep placing orders, even though it's looping through this code all the time. And what we can do up here is actually get rid of some of these printouts. So let's see here we got those to pronounce will keep. And I just want to see where these other printouts coming from. They seem to be coming from initializing the order execution somewhere. So let's see. Do we have any printouts here or here? Where are these printouts coming from? Right. So this seems to be quite interesting. We seem to be getting printouts that we didn't quite expect. So I'm just going to do a little hunt for those, perhaps in getting the trade details. That might be where we left some print statements. And there it is. No, wait. No, that's printing our order short ID. So I'm not even sure where those print outs are coming from right now, but I can only imagine I can only imagine that they must be coming somewhere from, you know, this being kicked off over here. So I think what we can do is just do a search for print. And if we find a prints anywhere, which we don't find here, then we can easily find it. Let's see here on the place order. Is there any print there? No. And let's see here on the get trade details. Is that any print there? No, there's no print anywhere there at all. Right? So that's fine. We'll figure it out. But for now, what I want to do is actually go and check what is going on over here so I can see the two active orders. So indeed, it has placed to limit orders, neither of which right now has got filled. And that can change. It depends on how things go whilst you are, you know, whilst you are here, you know, working, you butt. But what I'm going to do is I'm going to cancel the board, so I'm actually going to stop it from running and I'm going to cancel these two orders for now. And there you go because, well, those are open and we stop and start the bot again. It won't do anything because it will think we have to open orders. And that's why it wouldn't do anything. So I'm going to stop the video here. And if I find those printouts, I'll let you know where they were. But that's no big deal right now. And then we will continue here in making sense of these orders that just got placed so well done. You've got the bot to place some limit orders on your behalf automatically.