Right, so we know that we can very successfully place some limit orders, but we're not seeing the market moving very quickly, number one. So one of the first things I'd like to do is actually go to our execution here. And instead of doing Matic USD T, I'm going to comment up here for later on. So we'll we'll put Matic USD to you later, and I'm going to do the same thing here with SGX, and I'm going to replace those two things with with Bitcoin and Ethereum because there should be loads of transactions happening on those. So are we going to replace those with Bitcoin and Ethereum? And that'll just helpful development so that in real time we see things moving a bit faster. Right. So that's going to help our port development. And then at the end, we can switch back to Matic and SGX or whatever cryptos you want to put in there. But again, I just know these are very liquid, very fast moving cryptos. And so I'm going to use those for just for the development part of the bot over here. And the other thing I'm going to do now is take out these print IDs because I don't need them. I know that the IDs are being returned. We can see them here. There's the long ID, there's the short ID. And with those IDs, remember we can check the order with that function, we wrote, and that will tell us if it's filled or partially filled or, you know, created or whatever we need to know of. The trades are complete all of that. And the other thing that's just bothering me, here are these printouts. And I took a look and I could see that in get trade liquidity. We did have a print statement here on the output, which we can get rid of there, and that will stop the these printouts for these numbers. We no longer need to be looking at over this right now. Nothing should be getting printed out below placing and monitoring existing trades. That's going to be very handy. Now there's a couple more things I want to put in just before we go and run this again. A couple of items that I think are going to be, you know, important to get done now just to get out the way so that we can focus on managing the open trades. But for now, what we need to do is just update the signal side. Right? What do I mean by that? Flows the signal positive or not? So if you know the Z-score is greater than zero, then what we need to do is say signal side is equal to positive, right? So that's that will tell us where the Z-score is at. Else. So here what we what we will say else is, you know, signal side is equal to negative. So in other words, if it's below zero, then it's negative. The other thing is, we need to just bear in mind that you might just flip to placing market orders like it did with my other bot for the time being. And that's going to really help you a lot with testing this spot, and we are going to flip this to market, but I first want to show you the limit orders working. And so this will be, you know, handle kill, switch if orders placed at or, let's just say, for market orders. And that means that we don't need to proceed any further here if we place a market order, then you know, the whole amount got filled or we assume it does, because that's you know what we said we would do if we were an aggressive buyer. And so if not, limit order basis. In other words, if it's a market order basis and the council on the one and the counts short as well, one i.e. they're not zero, then what we need to do is kill switch is equal to one. And what that will do the minute we trigger the kill switch to one, this loop here will stop. And when we return the kill switch later on, it will basically cut into looking to close the trades rather than, you know, trying to or at least trying to to open trades, et cetera. So that's just something we'll look at later when we actually come to placing market orders, but it's something we do need in there. And then the other thing here is we're just going to allow for time to register the limit orders, right? So in other words, if this wasn't true, then keep running through the code. In other words, these are still limit orders and we just want to allow some time to pass. And that's just to let the exchange, you know, take time to register the fact that we sent them an order. Normally, we shouldn't have to do that. But I just like to know, hey, a few seconds have passed. It's likely those orders got registered, and it just helps me to feel better. That's all. That's why we're doing that. And so now let's actually go and run this again. We should have no open orders at the moment, you know, active orders, et cetera. So let's actually go and run this now. I'm going to go and hit play and let's see how that works. And now we're doing it for Etherium and Bitcoin and the Z scores, you know, like the signal's super small. So yep, we're in trade. State is hot. And those orders should have been placed, but we've not done any prints out to tell us that. So we should see two orders getting placed momentarily. And we're not seeing that at the moment. So why are we not seeing that happening? I would expect it has nothing to do with me being on. I would expect to see them in the active orders area that so I'm going to stop this running here. And here we go. I'm going to say, OK, let's print the order long I.D. and see if that's working at all. And let's run the bot again and see why we're not seeing any orders getting placed. And here we go, trade state is hot and there we go, so there was an order placed there and there we can see they're amused on a tether. There was an open long position placed there, and that's looking good. And what about the short ID over here? Let's let's put this out here and see how that's looking. So I'm just going to go in that position got filled, you can see, because the market's moving quickly. So I'm just going to close that as a market order, right? Let's go back here. Let's run this again. So then if there is got placed, why is bitcoin not getting placed? Let's actually have this window open to see if anything interesting happens here. There's a theory it just popped in. And do we see bitcoin? We do not see bitcoin. Now, why do we not see bitcoin coming through? That seems really bizarre to me. Did we get our execution AP API correct? So let's go here. BTC, usd, t BTC, USD T. So it's definitely spelled correctly etc. Oh, I am raising. I'm running around and I'm not thinking about what I'm doing. It's going to be to do with the rounding here on the decimal places, and we could have gone to the place order code to actually troubleshoot what was going on and do a try accepts or et cetera. But look here, we need to be careful, right? So BTC, USD t, if we're going to change that, then the pricing there needs to be rounded to two decimal places and the quantity needs to be rounded to three. And if I change this to Etherium, so this is a good I'm glad this happened because this will happen soon. It can be really confusing if there is rounding needs to be two two and it's quantity needs to be rounded to two. So luckily we got away with a theorem. It was placing those trades. But I'm telling you, if you don't get the pricing in the rounding correct, usually your trades just will not go through. So let's just close this as a market order. I don't want that position open and let's try this again. So we're going to, you know, save here, hit play to run our thought again. And let's see what's going on. Step out, initiated setting leverage seeking trades. Okay, let's see if we get too hot. Yup, we're hot. Let's have a look. There we go straight away. The orders are in Etherium. Got filled. Did you see that? It's exciting. It's exciting. It was fast. Bitcoin is still kind of hanging there. It hasn't filled out position right yet, but we can just hang here for a while and let's see if that gets filled. But right now, we've got a theory in the trade. And so what the bots are going to do, you'll notice it's not placing any more trades. It's only got those two orders going right now. It's not placing any more. Well, why's that? Well, the reason is because both positions have not been filled, so it's just going to sit here. And if the Z cycle goes negative again, etc, it'll close the trades, although we need to build that in. It'll just close the trades and it'll close them without this one having to having been placed in. And you know, you could be clever here, you could say if it doesn't get placed in just executed as a market order, you know, you can build rules around this. The rule that I've chosen to go with is let's go in small, let's go in increments. And because of that, you know, if it doesn't get filled, it doesn't get filled. But you know that that will either just be an extra profit or an extra loss. Overall, it should work out. You know, that's that's kind of the logic. It's a terrible logic, shouldn't have it. But you know, this is what I'm going with for the purposes of this trading course and bitcoin just got filled. I don't know if you saw that, and here it is. So we've got a theorem right now is a profit of $2 and bitcoin's at a loss of negative, you know, 10 cents. So if I was to close both these positions right now, which I'm going to close them as market orders, we've closed them at a profit and we've got no active orders. And now what's happening is we've got no active orders, but do we see that this will then go and trigger more orders again? Well, that could be really interesting. Let's keep an eye. It might not because I don't believe we're returning anything from our while loop, which means I don't think it's going to do anything right now. So, yep, looks to be the case that stopped this running. So that's really, really awesome. If you've got this far, if you've got your thought to do that, to place the orders here, then fantastic. We're going to get rid of printing out these order IDs for the time being, and we're going to then carry on to actually manage to limit orders that, you know, that got placed.