Now, let's talk about how Albert is actually doing and the best way to talk about it is to look at it together. So right now, what we're going to do is actually go and hit the play button and run this and see once again how does it look? Placing trades, et cetera. And so what I want to do is actually print out the order status long and the order states is short. And in fact, I think what we're going to do here is we're going to print out a number of things just about here. We're going to print our order states as long. We're going to print our order states is short and we're going to print over here. The Z score is well or the Z-score new even better to see what that's looking like. So let's actually go and run the bot and see how it's performing and what it's doing without even talking about doing that any further. Let's go and have a look now. OK. So start by initiated seeking trades. Excellent. It should find a hot trade right now. Perfect because of our threshold. Let's go over to here and we can see here's our active orders. Neither one has been filled yet because we're placing limit orders. There's no guarantee they'll get filled, but we are placing them, you know, at a level where it kind of makes sense where they should start getting filled. And we can see bitcoin's got quite filled. It's nearly completely filled. And let's give it another another couple of seconds. Hopefully that's going to get filled. And Etherium at the moment doesn't seem to be moving at all. So it can be like this. You know, right now, we've placed orders directly at the bid for going long and at the ask for going short. And that does mean we're getting the best price, but it doesn't guarantee that they get filled. Now this is not our total amount of capital. This is just, you know, edging into the trades. So it's not even all total capital yet. And one of the things I want to do here, see, you know, how is it looking on this side? Because right now it's saying that the trade is complete and the trade is complete. So it's saying that for both items now, why would it be saying the trade is complete? Because on bitcoin, you know, we can see we've got a partial fill position there. And so this should not be showing that the trade is complete for both Bitcoin and Etherium. And what that means is somewhere in our logic here, we have definitely got some kind of issue. So let's first of all, let's go and look, I'll leave the bot running for now, but let's go and actually have a look at that here in terms of the check order, right? So what is dictating that our trade is complete? Well, here's what it is we're saying. If our position quantity is greater or equal to our remaining capital, then the trade is complete. So how is it getting that position quantity here? I don't know. But I think what we need to do is print out our position, quantity and our remaining capital over here. I think that's going to be quite key for us to actually see what's going on over there. And also, it might be to do with the order that we're running. This trade completes in. Right. So I would assume that if the amount of position value we have is greater than what our remaining capital is, that could be a reason now. This could be that our position quantity is not coming back in terms of the US dollar value and therefore our remaining capital should be our remaining capital divided by the mid price. So that could be, you know, something that we need to bear in mind over there as well. So let's actually stop the board from running and let's cancel any open orders we've got and let's cancel. We got some fish there on a theory in which is interesting, but we're going to cancel that and we even going to cancel bitcoin at a profit here. So let's go back here and let's run this again and see what is going on. And I have a feeling it's to do with how we've set up the remaining capital that should be that's in US dollar tether. But the position quantity, actually, I would I would think that we should take the quantity times, the position price in order to know, you know, whether or not it's exceeded. So let's just check that here. And right now, there's no trade status, they go both orders are active, bitcoin just got filled. We just saw that happen there. It's his position filled for bitcoin. And or the active position filled. So there is not getting filled at all. It's not moving nearly as quickly. And that's just going to keep printing, by the way, this will just keep coming down here on the left. But I'm not seeing anything moving for Etherium over there. And here we go. We have an error, right? So an errors come up. The board has automatically stopped and the issue here is around the active order getting a quantity. So clearly something went wrong, getting the active order position and we didn't protect our API and this here is my friends. This is where the bugs are, right? This is what we have to go and address. So, you know, the first thing I'd like to say here is our position, quantity and remaining capital. Well, I'm not seeing anything coming through for remaining capital. And I think that that's quite that's quite interesting in itself. Why is there no remaining capital showing? So that's one thing that I think we need to fix. So let's actually put it here. And if string and let's call this, you know, position quantity and we're going to then put, you know, space like this and that'll be our position quantity. And we're going to do exactly the same thing here with remaining capital so that we know, you know, we know that's how that's coming across remaining capital as follows. Let's put that there. And don't worry, we are going to find out, you know, all the bugs, everything that's going on here. And so our active order, you know that for some reason that time it's been running. But when it came to run again, for some reason it didn't have the result we were looking for. So what we need to do here is go and check out that active order. Why did that not work? So if we go over here to get active positions, not that we need them. We're not even using them. But for some reason that didn't work. And it's saying the data zero price. It didn't recognize the quantity over here, for whatever reason. So I'm not sure why that is. But, you know, truthfully speaking, we're not even using it right now. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to actually hide that because we're not even pulling that data at the moment. And I'm going to run this again because I want to see what's going on here with this remaining capital. So let's go and run this again. Or in fact, we need to stop it. We need to close our positions here for Etherium and Bitcoin. We have no active positions. So the good news is while I was talking, they got, you know, 100 percent filled. The other thing I'm thinking of doing here is just to help them get filled quicker. Rather than trading $2000, I'm going to trade 400, so we're just significantly reduce the amount of capital being traded in. But let's have a look here again and go and play about and see, you know, how this is actually coming through. So we're checking our order, printing our order status, our Z score, so that was printing just fine. But let's see our remaining capital and see how that is also printing. So there we go. Position quantity is zero, meaning capital is zero and position quantity is zero point zero zero three. Remaining capital is zero. And so this is coming through and saying the trade is complete. I don't even need to look at it any further. I know that there's something funky going on with that trade, complete logic and it could just be my brain. So let me cancel these market orders over here, and this is going to be very helpful for us and it's going debug and look at, you know, I'll check order over here and see what's going on. So it says here the position, if the position quantity is greater or equal to the remaining capital, then you know the trade should be complete. Well, the position quantity is equal to the remaining capital because it's zero. And that is what's causing the problem. And so what we have to say here is and the position quantity is greater than zero. That's that's something that we needed to put in here. I didn't think to put it in. And even when I first built the port, some reason it didn't come up as an issue. But now it's coming up as an issue. And this is it. You know, one thing I need to say to you and caution you on is this port will not be perfect, right? If you download this and use this. I think I've mentioned it before as well. This is not going to be perfect. They are going to be problems. You know, just this is the best we could get it here with where it's up. And of course, as things improve, I will just keep updating the code to make sure it's complete here for the cause. So you might not get all the bugs that I'm seeing here. Or at least you won't, because any ones I see here, I'm fixing. But that's something very important. So now let's go back here. Let's have a look. We've constantly got no open positions, et cetera. Let's hit play. Let's watch this go through again. And see what's going on here. And then, OK, so now we're placing trades. We've got two active open positions here and here. It's saying the orders are active. The reason it's taking time here is we put a sleep timer on. We put a sleep timer on just to manage the API calls and also give the orders a chance. Neither order right now has been filled yet, and I remember we are in testnet as well. Results can vary if you're in a live environment. And here we go. We've got order active still and the other one, the trade is complete. True of both positions have been filled and so trade is complete for both of them. What does that mean? That means that the minute that the Z-score goes negative, it's going to try to close the trades. Now I have no idea where the Z score is, and I have no idea how long that's going to take. Now, why don't I know what the Z score is? Well, that's because somewhere here we wanted to print the Z score, but it's just not printing. So we have here it is here active. Oh, sorry, the Z score, here we do have it. It's one point sixty seven, so it's a long, long way from being, you know, flipping round to mean reversion. So that's going to be, you know, quite interesting for us now if we stop the bot, if you ever stop the bot and you go to play again, it's not going to know to cancel these trades. You will have to go and do that manually. Now I could just leave this to run and to see if the Z score goes negative anytime soon, whether it closes the trades. But there's another way to test that, right? There's another way to go and test that it's going to be closing the trades over there. Now, one of the things I want to say is you can see how quickly these orders got filled, right? These orders got filled enormously quickly. The minute that you know, we placed a small amount of capital and we had managed this, and the other nice thing about this is these orders are going to be giving us a market rebates as well. So, you know, we will review all of that here. We will we will go and take a look at how that's going. You can see his all market closes happening there, but I'm going to actually go and show you how you can see the results of your bot over here, right? So we'll go in, we'll go and test that out in a moment. So let me stop the bot here. That's stop the bot. But congratulations, you have figured out you've learned how to build a bot that actually places limit orders, which is really tricky to do and getting it to, you know, stop trading once those initial trades are complete. Obviously, once those trades are complete, the kill switch hit one. This down here would have returned the kill switch, which is one back to this over here. And then it would start, you know, closing all positions once. Sorry, it would switch this back to one and then only when the Z score flips around. So that kill switch will stay in managing new trades. Only when it flips round will return a kill switch of two. In other words, only when the mean reverts will flip to a kill switch of two. And when it does that, you know, it will then go in close all of the trades. So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to close all of these orders here with the market order. And now I want to show you something else, which is quite interesting, right? So what I'd like to do at the bottom here is just print the kill switch, right? So we're just going to print the kill switch. And the reason I'm going to do that is I'm going to flip the bot to rather than placing limit orders. I'm going to flip this to false and it should start placing market orders instantly. So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to go back here and hit play. And here we go, right? Let's see. So there we go. As soon as it goes hot, you should see positions and you won't even see active orders done and it worked straight away. Awesome. I love it when stuff just works. And so here we've got two market orders in. You're not going to see trade complete because, well, the trade is complete because the market orders for the full amount of capital. That's just the way we designed the pot. And now you're in the market, but you did pay a fee for that. So now I'm going to go and confirm and close those there because that has proven that it's working. And if I sit, actually, if I sit here with the bot open, I won't stop the bot yet. What I would expect to happen is I would expect another two positions to be opened because remember, now we have no positions. So actually, the trade status should go back to hot. And if it doesn't do that, then there's definitely something funky going on that I need to be looking at. So let's give it a minute and then I'm going to stop this video and we're going to go back to that again, put in some print statements and make sure that, you know, as the positions are now closed, that it's actually going back and doing that. But remember, if we go over to our main execution file, we're sleeping for five seconds, so it must take some time before it goes in place as a trade. But I'm seeing nothing here. Right. So I know we're going to have to spend some more time on this. So let's do that. I'm going to stop recording now, and I'll see you in the next video.