So for some reason, we can't seem to get the trades to now close. What could the reason for that be? Well, I'm looking at this right now and I'm reading here. You know, we've got the kill switch. It's hitting two over here and then it should go down here on its next loop and close. But interestingly enough, I think something that is interesting that's happening is when we go in close the trades and we have this kill switch of troop true over here to over here. Sorry. What's happening is this kill switch is being put back to zero down here. And so I think what we need to say here is and the kill switch is not equal to two. And hopefully that is going to solve the problem. So if we say the kill switch is not equal to two, so we need to make sure it's not if it is and for any reason, this is managed. New trades is coming up as true. This that will just get overwritten to make the kill switch equal to zero again. And so I think that is what's creating our issue here and not automatically closing the trades for us. So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to remove that prints out of killswitch and down here, I'm going to put a print out to know that this is actually working and this is going to go because I'm not looking at the Jason file that's saving. I'm just going to say, you know, closing trades or closing all positions as such and hopefully that that's working now. We'll know it's working end to end because what should happen is when we hit play, it should open the trades because the Z score is still at a ridiculously low threshold. And then once it does that because we've changed the closed positions here to essentially just basically mean cancel, you know, this is the opposite of mean reversion and saying it hasn't mean reverted will correct this. Once we're done, please remember to correct this bit. I remember when I was first developing this, this kind of thought I had this issue where I forgot to correct this and I was like, What on Earth is going on? But we'll correct that bit over there. So let's go and see now if this is working, guys. Let's have a look, guys and girls, let's go and run this and see what's going on. So when I run this? It should open the positions. Let's just have a look here. Boom, there we go. Trades placed. So they're there now. It should thing to close them. There we go, closing all positions done. And now it should reopen positions again because it thinks that there's nothing going on, so pauses for five seconds and it should go through the board again and reopen positions. And there we go. Seems to be working absolutely perfectly. Now, obviously, this is all just the board and I'm going to stop that from running. This is all just the right. We built this so that it's doing this in hyperdrive so we can see all the functions working. Now we need to remember, let's go back and correct this to be equal to. And now it should not just automatically go in close positions. So let's go and play this again. Let's go and open. This year, we should see the positions getting placed. And let's have a look back. There they are. The positions are getting placed over here, but they are not going to get closed. The reason they're not going to get close is because they the Z-score has not reverted back to the mean. And because it's not reverted back to the mean yet, you know, these aren't going to get place. So here, once it matches these conditions we had here, it will revert to the mean and these positions will get closed and then it will run the cycle again. It will wait for a signal and it will place, you know, whatever trade it needs to, and it's doing a super advanced trading technique. I'm really proud of all of you guys, really proud of you getting this far because, you know, this is not the world's most straightforward, but you are learning how to do longs, how to do shorts, how to do limit orders, how to put stop losses in, how to place market orders, how to automate closing, how to make sure it's rinse and repeat. You know, you're learning all of this here, and I'm actually really proud of everybody who's made it through, you know this far in the course because I know what it takes. I know how determined you must be. And I can relate to that because I'm, you know, I feel very much the same. So this is excellent. Well done. This is, you know, now going in. So what I'd like to do is stop this bot here from trading. I'd like to go and, you know, close any market positions here. I'd like to go and, you know, set this, but to actually go and trade the way we intended it to. So we're going to, you know, close this funk, close positions up there. I'm going to go and close is trade managements have and what I want to do is update our API now to work for Matic and to work for SGX. And I'm going to get rid of those comments there because that's going to happen. And now we need to remember to update the rounding. We can't just go and update, you know, Matic without updating the routing. So it's four decimal places and zero decimal places. So I'm going to change that to four for the price and zero for the quantity, and we need to do the same for SGX. So let's take SGX over here and do the same thing, three for the pricing, one for the quantity. So that's three for the pricing and one for the quantity. And do I want this to place limit orders? Yes, I do, because I believe that that's going to give me the best. As we discussed early in the course, the best chance of getting the most value and rather than placing $400, I'll just make that $500 $250 per coin and I'm going to go and hit play and make dinner for my son and I and leave this to play. And hopefully it'll have some trades. It might not. But actually, before I go and do that so quickly, I need to also change the Z score here because I don't want this to be a Z score of zero point zero one anymore. I want it to be a Z score of 1.1. As we discussed before, will it play trades? Will it make profits every day, all day? I don't know, but we're going to talk about that more in the up and coming video. So well done for getting this far. Let's go back here. Let's hit play. Let's see. It's running. Make sure it's all working as intended and then come back and I'll check it out and see you all in the next video. Now, bear in mind, we're used to this placing a trade. You know, we've got through the rhythm right now. It's not seeing that C score, and therefore it's not placing that trade right now, so it's just going to keep looping through. In fact, I'm going to close this file. Let's look here. It's going to keep looping through here until it sees that z score. Remember, it needs to be hot. Where are we until this hot is true? It's not. You're not going to see any trades getting placed. So let's just leave this as is. I'm going to go make dinner and I'll see you in the next video.