OK, so it's the next morning after we hit play on running the boat and after I had dinner with my son last night, I actually stopped the boat because I noticed that we needed to ping the web socket. So I just added one line of code here, so you can see here on line 45 and 46. I put this keep alive and all this does is it fetch some data from the web socket. The only reason for doing that was to let the website know, Hey, I'm still here. Don't forget about me. It's like pinging the web socket, right? And so that's just something I popped into the code. It's something that I recommend you pop in as well if you are going through this while true. Now, what are our results? Because I stopped and started the bot again this morning and basically I saw, you know, I'd seen the same thing I saw last night. I saw a lot of this order active order, active or active, meaning our positions are not getting filled right, the signals everything's working, the signals, everything. It's all working, but the positions aren't quite getting filled. Except then all of a sudden a position got filled and the other one just did not. And so, you know, that's OK. That's all right. I didn't leave the bot running long enough to get that other position filled. But let's talk about what that means from a risk perspective, because right now, what that means is you're filled on one position, so you've got risk in the market and you're not hedged with the other position. So, you know, one of the ideas for optimization here is you could write a bit of script that says, OK, you know, if one position is filled and the other one is still not filled, then what we want to do is cancel the unfilled position and replace it as a market order to match the filled position. And you would cancel it. Check it's cancelled, you know, replace it. But then you're paying the market, the market fee, you're paying the taker fee, right? So that's one of the downsides. So that's something to bear in mind. The other thing here as well is I came up with another technical item for some reason it pops up just later on, and it seems to be to do with different timestamps between our server and the requested timestamp. And I'm not sure what's causing that. You know, I've looked online, I've tried to find the issue. I'll be reaching out to buy bits as well to try and figure out how to get around that. But the reality is here, it's to do with this receive window. So I believe what you can do is change something in this receive window in the API calls and that should fix the issue. I'm not going to spend a lot of time on that now because these sort of things can take a lot of time. And frankly, we've got what we needed to out of this port build. We've learned how to do it. This is a new issue for me. It's something I need to spend some time on, but I wanted to make sure that I make you aware of it. So you know what we're going to do in the subsequent video is coming up is I have a good surprise for you, which you were probably expecting by now. And that is the bonus, right? I've got a bonus bot here, which is still running. And actually what I want to show you, I'm going to bring up my incident over here for you. And what I wanted to show you here is actually how you can check the orders. I'm going to go to Audi's derivatives order and here you can check the orders for anything you want to check. So first of all, let me show you something interesting here. If I go to USDC Perpetual and I'll put in, but Bitcoin Cash, which is what my other bot right now is running. And by the way, you now have the code for that, but I'm going to be taking you through that in up and coming videos. But take a look at this Bitcoin Cash show, so I'm going to scroll down. All of these are getting placed as market orders, right? So you can see all the fees getting paid. And if I go to my closed panel and I'll put in here, you know, Bitcoin Cash to USDC T and I search that here you can see where it's losing money and making money. So on the Bitcoin Cash side, most of the time it's actually been losing money up until today. Today, it made some money that then it lost money, and now it's made some money on the last trade. We don't have enough samples, but this is the too good to be true. But which is running right now, and I will be posting updates on the YouTube channel because I want to. I want people to know how these bots are doing and as I do spend some time on them and develop them further. You know, I want people to be aware of of how they doing bot buildings. A lot of fun, as you can tell. You know, you can spend six months on this if you wanted to. Fine tuning and tweaking and even then the market dynamics are changing. Right. So very, very interesting. And then the other one is A. So X A. to USDC. Let's have a look at that. And here I can see, you know, here it made some money here. It lost some money. Very interesting. And it tells me my daily PNL yesterday it lost $5. Today it lost eight. And if I go back to Bitcoin Cash USDC and I search on that one. You know, yesterday it lost $44 and today it made nine. So it's very, you know, it's a very interesting. But here's the trend of that. It's a shame that we can't compare them side by side to get, you know, to add these figures together, but net net, it's lost money in the last day. But hey, it's too good to be true. But the other lesson I've learned here, and in fact, I'm going to save these for one of the videos coming out, is that market orders do get you the worst price, but by a long way. Right. So if you trading in an illiquid crypto, for example, maybe stocks you're eating into the order book as you now are familiar with the order book. You're eating into that and you're getting, you know, your average price is not the sticker price, right? It's not the latest traded price. It's whatever. It's the average of whatever you eat into, and tiny price differences make a huge difference. Tiny price differences are the difference between profit and loss, which is why I'm really committing myself to, you know, start getting into some reinforcement learning because what I want to do is see cannot figure out how to gain the order book. I cannot figure out whether a position will likely get filled at the bid or failed at the ask. If I place a limit order. And I think that alone, that pot alone, even without the statistical arbitrage edge that we've got that pot alone should be profitable. And so that's something which I'm looking to develop further. Definitely. You know, if that's something you've got experience in, feel free to write a comment on that or reach out. It would be really interesting. So excellent. You know, we've gone through an awful lot here. I'm really, really proud of you for getting this far. Honestly, I know what it takes. Excuse me. I know what it takes to get this far, you know, into anything. You know, the amount of learning it takes a lot of energy for your brain to absorb. We're going to get into some videos shortly to wrap up, but just well done. You know, you've you've proven that you can build a boat that can execute. You know, I do realize and just to close off here, I do realize that we have some kind of technical issue here with the receive window. But this is really, you know, this is a small nuance that's something that you can work through and also work through. It's really no problem, and it's just worth, you know, it's worth just checking out the API documentation, you know, with that. What I will say here is with bot number two, I don't have this issue, and the reason is because I'm not running through an infinite loop. This part is running, you know, once on the hour, every hour it runs, it's executed, it's done. And I'm going to walk you through that. This is a fully working, but it's a fully working bot. So I'm going to take you through that so that you don't feel left empty handed at all. And I just wanted to say, well done again. I'll see you in the next chapter.