Okay, so we are now ready to begin coding, but just before we go and get into that, we need to go through what are we coding? What is the game plan? I need it to be crystal clear on the logic that we're going to implement in both the strategy section and the execution sections of this course, so that you are aware of what we're coding and it's making sense as we're going through so that you understand exactly what's in my head because you've seen it, what you've seen, what's on paper here, and you can follow along with the logic and maybe even go ahead and code things yourself if you're someone who's more experienced in that area. So the first thing we're going to code up is our strategy, and our strategy is going to allow us to search for all the possible cryptos that we can go long and short on on Bybit within their perpetual derivatives contract. And so we're going to filter through all of those and we're going to find, first of all, you know, what pairs or co integrated and we're going to have it give us a spreadsheet, which we can either open in Google Sheets or an excel to essentially tell us, you know, what are the best looking code integrated pairs on both hourly data or daily data? If that's what you want to do, I'm going to show you how to do both. And that's what the strategy section is all about is trying to find, you know, what is the best crypto to all crypto pair to go with? Or what is the best range of crypto pairs to go with and test out? And you know, we're even going to use some excel just to do some light back testing as well on how that strategy would perform or how how do we think it would perform? And is it then worth us actually forward testing in the real execution on on the testnet? So that's that's what we're going to do. So in this video, I'm just going to walk you through the various steps of the coding in order to make that strategy a reality. So very broadly speaking, you know, the first thing we need to do is get tradable symbols. So we're going to connect to the API. We're going to ask through the code, we're going to ask Bybit for all the available tickers or assets or tradable symbols that are on Bybit. And we're going to then get the price history for all of those symbols. Once we've got the price history, we're then going to put that through a CO integration calculation and then we're going to analyze the findings using the spread and Z score. So we're going to calculate what's called the spread, of course, and then the Z score, and we're actually going to have a present charts to us. Much like for those of you who use cryptoassets, you be used to the Z-score tool. You're basically going to be able to do what that C score tool does yourself and, you know, to run charts and look at them and decide whether or not they're good or not. We're even going to apply a filter that tells us how often the spread crosses the zero line. And is this potentially a more favorable co. integrated PR. It's a part of what crypto is. It's offers, and it's something that I actually need to add is something we did here for the course that made me think I really need to add that for crypto. Is it so once this course is complete, I'll be doing that too. So you really are getting the best of the best of the best here in terms of filtering for co integrated paths. And then finally, we end on the Excel Back Test. Once we find something we like on the back test, we move to our execution for Stack Bot one, and that's what we're going to then do afterwards. But for now, let's start here. Let's get into coding up the strategy.