So right now, I'm on the testnet Bybit exchange, so this is not the real trading environment in Bybit, this is the testnet environment for Bybit, so I'm over there right now. And what I'm going to be doing is actually having some fun trading. We're going to trade with pretend money. That is not my money, it's dummy money. You can think of it like a lot like paper trading. So that's what I'm going to be doing at the moment and I'm going to be walking you through, you know, this whole layout. What are all these things mean? What is it conditional order? What is an active order? You know, what is a pencil? What is it? What a positions? What does it mean to be long, 10x short, 10x? What's across, you know, market orders limit orders? These are really, really, really important things that you need to understand, right? You need to know what all of these are before you even think about automating stuff, right? If you're not sure what you're automating, then any inefficiency you have or gap of knowledge you have is only going to be magnified. Right. It's it's very, very risky. So just make sure that, you know, if you're doing this, you're doing it in the testnet taught by the dot com area and over here, I'm now in the US dollar tether perpetual area. So, you know, I'm essentially trading futures contracts. Think of it like that and these these allow me to go long or short. And if I want to with leverage, remember, I am saying do not use leverage ever. Just don't use leverage unless you're hedging something and you know, you understand exactly what you're doing, do not use leverage. And you know, if you've watched the prior videos, you'll know exactly why that I recommend not doing that. It's very, very risky. And so we're not going to be doing that. So what are we going to be doing in the next video? Is we going to be talking about the order book? What is the order book? This is the most fundamental thing that you need to understand when it comes to trading. So please, we're going to spend some time on that. Going to go into that in detail. Hope you're as excited as I am. I absolutely love this stuff. It's very exciting. It's very interesting. And it's going to give you nothing but great ideas. So let's see you over there now.