One of the most exciting things I can talk about in this course is the order book, and I'm going to spend a good amount of time on this video. I hope that everybody who's taken this course get something out of this video or at least anybody who feels they needed to watch it because we're going to talk about what actually moves price. And it might sound really obvious. A lot of people go, Yes, I get it. You know, there's there's people that want to buy and sell their supply and demand. That's true. But what actually moves the price? How does the price actually move? And it's funny how many of us start of trading myself included without really having a good fundamental understanding of that? And in this video, I hope you walk away and you have a very, very, very strong understanding of what actually moves price and how the order book works and what all the terms mean in the order book. So we're going to get into that known in detail. Now I picked on a random crypto. I'm here and USDC Perpetual. You can pick on any crypto you want. For whatever reason, I've chosen AWACS and AWACS right now is that, you know, eighty five point eighty six dollars right now it's at eighty six, but I've drawn up like a dummy version of Affect every here and I've put their price at eighty five just to keep this simple. So you'll see here I've got like a dummy representation of this same order book over here, but I'm keeping numbers really easy because this isn't about the numbers, it's about understanding the principles. So on one side of the order book, you can see we have all these red guys and girls over here. And on the other side, we have all these green guys and girls over here, the green guys and girls. And I know a lot of you will already know this, but I'm going to explain all the details anyway. You know, this is essentially a queue of people or bots or whatever you want to call them, whales, whatever you want to think of any participant in the market here. This is a queue of them standing here saying, this is the price. I'm prepared to buy a Vaxart. And on this side, this is all the sellers saying this is the price. I'm prepared to sell a Vaxart. And so you might say, OK, well, what moves the market, right? It's going to be the amount of buyers and sellers. Well, that's actually not strictly correct. And you might not have thought that that's true as well. But, you know, you might be thinking, what's the number of buyers and sellers is what moves price? And I'm here to tell you that's not exactly what moves price. And you know, I did a video on this on the YouTube channel at some point, and it got so much great feedback that I wanted to do it again and just do a more summarized version of it. So pick to the market like this, right? You've got the market and it's this box here. It's this big giant box and it's a room that you can walk into. So we're going to make this much more tangible so that it's more real for you. And let's say you, one of these people here, you know you're in the general population and you're like, Oh, I've heard about this AWACS ride or, you know, Twitters talking about it, I want to I want to get rich from crypto. I want to buy some of that. So you walk into the room, into the market and it's actually an exchange. But you know, it's it's the market. Think of it like that and you see something in the room. And when you look in the room, you see two things you see, you know, on one side of the room, you've got a whole bunch of people all there, each block representing, you know, one X and you've got a whole bunch of people that are prepared to sell one AWACS x for eighty four dollars. Oh, so you buy it at eighty four dollars and another group of people that are willing to buy it at eighty three dollars and another people, a bunch of people that are willing to buy it. Eighty two dollars. On the flip side, you've got a bunch of people that are willing to sell it at eighty six dollars, sell it at eighty seven dollars and sell it at eighty eight dollars. So, for example, this person is willing to sell one, even this one over here for eighty six dollars. Right? Probably over explaining it, but it's fine. It's really important we get the fundamentals here. So between these two is what we're going to call the mid price, right? So I've got the market price over here, which is eighty five, and this can be represented between the difference between these two prices. It can more commonly be represented at what was the last traded price. So more commonly, what you'll see is, you know, what did the last trade go through as over here? Was it a was it a buyer? Was it a sell? And if so, what price was it out? But right now, I'm going to just explain, you know, the current price as the middle price, just because that's what I want to do. And you know, there's somebody who sits at a desk, you know, you walk up to the desk, they take one of these boxes and give it to you or one of these boxes and give it to you, whether you're buying or selling with your US dollar tether. So let's say you walk in here and you say, All right, I'm I really want to buy some crypto. Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Trader. I'd like to walk away with actually for a 5X and you know, his eighty six dollars times four. So that's 380 or whatever. My math is terrible, but you give them a bunch of dollars, you know, nearly $400 and you walk away with having traded and bought all of that ADX over here at eighty six. So for a Vex at 86 and given. You know, the people that were queuing up here, you gave them via the exchange, the exchange just took a commission for it, but you gave them, you know, your dollars for these events over here. Now something very interesting happens here because the last traded price was 86. So typically, what you'll see is this number just changed at 86. Anyone who was watching, you know, the market would have seen the prices jumped up from 85 to 86. That's just what happened. And what's interesting is that didn't happen because of the buyers and sellers in the order book. Really, what happened is the price moved because an aggressive buyer yourself in this case walked into the market and took some of it. That is what moved the price. And you can say, right, it's not strictly 85 86, because one is the mid price, one is the last traded price, but you get the idea. I just don't want to calculate what's the mid price between the number 84 and 87. Mental arithmetic is very, very bad, which might which might scare you. But it's just the truth. I rely on spreadsheets and calculations to help me get to the right number for four things. So, so, you know, essentially, that's what's happened here is now. This desk, you know, is as has changed there now here the last traded price is 86. You saw the price go up. But what's also interesting is the spread, which is the gap between the asks and the bids or the bids in the office. However you want to think about it, the gap between the two here has now widened right. The spread has got bigger. So this could look like a great opportunity for like a market maker, right? They they they look at this and come in and go. You know, I could, you know, buy some crypto and sell it for for a profit here and get the rebate because the price is likely to close back in or shorted and buy back. There's, you know, there's a whole bunch of strategies that personally, I, by the way, I'm very interested in market making in general, but you know, market makers because they they provide what's called liquidity, right? They get a kickback and buy, but not in every exchange, but on Bybit. They do so, you know, so this now opens up all sorts of opportunities. But let's say that you know you, you say, OK, well, actually, now I want to go and sell all of you know, I want to go and sell all of this crypto that I just bought at eighty six because I just read something in the news that was really bad about AWACS. And maybe I've made a mistake. But you decide, you know, you're not just going to go and sell it into the market instantly, right? So if you were to take your for a bucks and walk back into the market as an aggressive seller, you could just sell that AWACS struggling to select everything over here. You could just walk into the market, sell that AWACS, match those guys. And you know, you could you could essentially sell at the bit at 84, so you would have bought at 85, actually. So you would have bought at 86, you would have sold it at 84. And you could do that right. You could do that. You could walk out there. You've matched against those guys and essentially you've gone and sold and now the market's moved even more. Right. So you could do that. But just to keep on drawing more easy here, I'm going to pretend that maybe you don't want to do that. Maybe what you want to do is say, No, I'm not prepared to sell at 84. I'm not prepared to take a $2 hit. I'm prepared to maybe take a $1 hit. So you're desperate to sell because you're terrified this thing is going to absolutely bomb. So you get to the front of the queue and you say, OK, actually, I'm going to go and sell it. 85, which was the previous mid-priced. But you bought them at 86, right? So you said, I'm going to sell at 85. You've now changed from, you know, a red guy to a green guy and or gal and you're now ready to go and sell this year. Now, interestingly enough, the price has not moved because no transaction has taken place, right? Nobody has actually come in and bought or sold crypto. All that's happened is you've come in and said, Look, I'm not buying or selling yet, but I will sell at the price of eighty five if anybody else comes in and does that. Now what you could have is you could have, you know, some people sitting here that are going, Shoot, this thing is not selling right. Let's go over and just buy these here at eighty five. Right. So that would mean the risks reduce because they met and the last traded price would be eighty five. So what you would see is that 86 number would drop down to 85. Maybe that happens, or maybe a whole bunch of people come in and they go, OK, awesome. Yeah, I'll take some AWACS because I haven't seen the news yet or they want to do, you know, they want to be a contrarian type trader and they want to trade against the news and they go, All right, you know, let's go ahead and buy all of this. So they come in and they buy all of this AWACS over here. So that can also happen. So the important thing to note from this really strange drawing and tutorial that I'm putting together here. Is it is not the order book that moves by it, that moves price, it is aggressive buyers or sellers, and there's something, you know, I've been listening to a lot of I was listening to a lot about Order Flow on the Chat with Traders podcast, which you might have you might have heard some of these. But you know, one of these traders, he mentioned something quite interesting, and there was also some video as I was watching. Even recently, they mentioned something very interesting. I think it was one of the market Delta videos. One of the things that you need to remember is you most desperate to sell when you think you're going to lose money, right? There are people that FOMO in that happens in crypto. I think it happens in crypto, probably more than it happens in stocks. I don't know. But just remember this right? People are much more likely to be aggressively buying or selling if they are desperate to get out of a position. Right. So if they're long on something, if they bought a ton of crypto and they think it's going to go down just like you thought with the news, then you know, then you're much more likely to come in and just sell, sell, sell. Right? If you have short positions, then you're going to go a long, long, long. You're going to go buy, buy, buy because you want to close the short position, right, which is the opposite of a loan. So it's aggressive buying and selling and people who day trade like Andrew Scott, scalping, et cetera. That's really what they're looking for. They're looking for traders who are attract people that they know need to get out and then they take advantage of that situation. So this is what's happening in the order book. There's many tricks that get played. You can't trust what you see. You can't think that just because there's more greens than reds that you're going to, you know, the price is going to go up. It depends who the Greens and Reds are. It depends who is aggressively trying to buy and sell or who is faking it or who is desperate or who might change their mind. There's so much that goes into it, but it's really important that you understand that loads of trading can happen, right? You can have all these people come into the market and they can buy and sell on both sides, and the price can still remain the same. And what that would look like, you know, just out of interest for you, what that would look like is your volume spike is going to be huge, right? Whether it's buying or selling, let's not make it green. Let's just say it's kind of buying and sellers, right? Your volume is going to be huge, especially compared to, say, the previous day or the previous hour or the previous. Whatever your volume is going to be huge, but the price didn't move. And so, you know, this is where your volume weighted average price comes in, so, you know, audiobook traders, there's a very interesting statistician online. I'm sure you'll find him on YouTube. You know, he's a university PhD graduate. He works with statistics day in and day out, and he uses the web and a modified version of the web for, you know, looking at price, he takes the price multiplied by the volume because the reality is that price doesn't have to move just because a lot of people buying and selling it might still kind of sit around this area. So more volume and bigger order book doesn't mean price movement, what means price movement is people needing to buy and sell at market price, and buying and selling at market price is a tricky one because what the issue is going back now to Bybit is if you buy at market price, you are number one, you're getting the worst available price right then. But some, depending depending on your strategy, you might need to. It might be a good idea, and you'll see we use market orders here in this course, as well as what we call limit orders. But you know, you might need to do that, right? But if you do that, you are paying the exchange a higher fee, so you're paying a higher commission as well. So aggressive buying and selling. This is where the millions are made, right? If you want to make money in crypto or stocks, become a broker in exchange or whatever. That's where the money is paid, right? Some of the traders, yes, they make money, but the people that are really making the money and you need a lot of bankroll behind you to do it in the first place. But the people that are really making money are the casino, right? They are the exchange because they're taking the fees. So, you know, that's that's essentially how it works now. One very, very, very important thing to remember here is I've mentioned that aggressive in buying and selling is called a market order. Right. So when a market orders place, that means somebody saying, right, give it to me now at your best available price, I don't care. Walk in and you just take it and you give the the dude or gal here at the trading desk. They exchange. You give them your money and a broker. If you're trading stocks, you know, give them your money and you walk out. That's called a market order, a limit order. Are these over here? So these are your limit orders, right? So these are your limit orders over here. So you go to limit orders there. And you've got to limit orders here. Limit order is we are, you know, don't trade this as a market order. Trade it as a limit order. Meaning, you know, put me in the order book. But don't place the trade unless you can match me against an aggressive buyer or seller at the price I want, right? In other words, don't get rid of my inventory or my crypto. Don't get rid of it. Unless somebody comes in and buys it at the price, I'm willing to either sell it out or buy it up, depending on whether you're shorting or going long or closing along or closing a short. You know, closing along is essentially selling. Closing a short is essentially buying. So a lot of that, a lot of you would know some of this might be brand new to to you. And if it is, I'm really glad you watched the video because when you once you have this understanding, you can't go back to seeing a lot of the nonsense, especially the nonsense online, because this is logical. This is how it works. And you know, no matter how you look at it now, you're going to be more and more interested in the order book and the order flow, because that's actually what moves price and people that trade this, you know, in intraday traders, et cetera. They know what moves price because they are in the story. And this, you know, the markets do follow a random walk. Price action is getting harder to predict. That's why I'm a big fan right now of statistical arbitrage as well. You know, there's a whole lot in this. But just remember this the market is essentially a room where the exchanges the room. What moves price is aggressive buying or selling. And if you want the best price, you need to get to the front of the queue or you need to be some part of the queue and get your order filled. And that in itself is really tricky and we covered that. Of course, in this course, you know, we cover that through code. How do you actually try and get your orders filled? And there's a strategy I go through where rather than stacking 10 boxes up at once or eight boxes up at once. You know, we come in slowly, piece by piece and almost in stealth mode. And so I'm going to show you how to do that. But for the actual bar to keep things really simple, the thought that we actually end up finalizing with is going to be, you know, most of the time just using market orders or all of the time just using market orders. But you will be able to flip just with one variable one switch. You will be able to flip your board between a market order and the limit order. So this is one of the most important videos of the course. I know it's a long one. You got through it. So well done. Let's move on to the next thing.