So what is the order book depth, so we now know what the order book is, but what is the order book depth? So if you click here in depth, you can see that you can graphically see it's very nicely the way Bybit did, but most exchanges do this. You can see, you know, what are the size of the bids and the the offers or the asks in the bids look like right? How do they look like? And you can see every second this is getting updated. It's changing all the time. So when you see a big gap, you might think there's an opportunity or where you see there's a massive, you know, wall, then you think there might be an opportunity. Maybe there's many different ways that you can actually look here, you know, at the at the depth of market or the depth. There is something called a dome, which is a depth of market. It's actually a pricing ladder. A lot of day traders use it. If you're not sure what that is or you've never seen it. I do recommend that you watch a video to know Best Day Trading is a very good one on the the dome depth of market. A lot of people now are using like footprint charts as another way to sort of summarize the depth of market, et cetera. But I'm not a day trader who does that, so I'm just going to be talking nonsense if I keep going on about it. I'm just much more interested in it because I'm looking for ways to algorithmically, you know, take advantage of order book movements. So, you know, this is the kind of stuff at the moment I'm working on. It just gives you some insight into how my brain works. But that's essentially what the depth is. It's just a graphical summary of what's going on here. Something that's very important that that everybody needs to really bear in mind is this area called recent trades. And you know, you'll hear like old school stock traders, for example, or stock traders talking about the tape tap. You can think of this like a tape that would print out transactions that happened, right? Much like a receipt or a. You can imagine one of these old receipts that sort of pour out of something out of a machine, right? If you if you go and buy food or whatever, that receipt just keeps getting longer. That's how I think it really would have been in the past, you know, when people would trade in. So the word that got used for recent trades is actually the tape, which I always thought was just really cool. It's a much nicer thing to say tape than recent trades, but recent trades are very important. And especially when compared to the order. Book now Why? Why are recent trades important? Well, the reason for that is because they happened. They're factual, right? You get a lot of faking here. And in fact, on their crypto is this channel. I'm going to do some videos on faking different ways that people spoof the markets that did one and and people found it very interesting. But, you know, fake you. A lot of people fake. So they've come here and they've put an order here or they'll put an order here, then they'll disappear. They want you to think that there's a big buying opportunity to then trick you, you know, and make the market go the other way and then close, you know, trap you and do all these things. So people and algorithms have become very skilled at doing this. And so so what is more important than the order book in many ways or what is important to note more important, but what is important in context with the order book or recent trades because they actually happened? So this is people who actually spent money. And, you know, one of the traders, there's a really good book called Millionaire Traders. I think it's a lot like market wizards, which is what crypto is. It's was named after, right? It's it's an actual account. An interview of real traders, right? No bias, no nonsense. Just interviewing people that actually made money in the markets, right? And it's something that's very interesting about, you know, that book is one guy he actually traded with real money to test the market. So he put very small size in to see if his orders were getting picked up. And if they were, he kind of got a feel for which direction the market was going or wanted to go, and then he would put his real size in. And when I say size, I mean, you know, that's the quantity. How many boxes of facts, you know, going back to our drawing here, how many boxes of AWACS or bitcoin or whatever that is, what I mean by size. So there's one last thing that I just wanted to mention here in terms of the order book that is very, very important for this course. It does matter. It means your code won't work if you don't pay attention to this. I want you to look at the rounding of the price, right? The price here for AWACS is to three decimal places and the size or the quantity of A is to one decimal place. Now, if I swap this over for something like, you know, bits USD T, you can see it's the same, actually. But let's go down to, I don't know, bitcoin, and you can see that's changed now. Bitcoin's quantity is to three decimal places, and the price is to two. So when you are algorithmically placing trades, you know what's what's going to be very, very important is that you're putting in the correct decimal places to your trade to input whatever you inputting in that it's going to be very important because otherwise you trade will be rejected. You're going to think about working and it's not. So this is going to be very important when you go through testing your bank, which you're going to do, a lot of you will know if it's working. You're going to see that actually playing out. So that's just too close off here in terms of the order book, but naturally, we're going to talk about the order book in almost everything we do. So this topic is going to come up more and more.