One thing that's very important to cover that you might not think of or you might forget about, and in fact, we code in a safety net just to make sure if you do forget about it, you're protected is leverage. And I'm going to go back to Avis over here. So I'm going to select a box because I haven't adjusted anything on a box. I haven't done any pretend trades on a box. And we're going to do some things here now. Remember, if you are following along and you are placing any trades, make sure you are on testnet dot by Whitcombe. And again, in another part of this course, obviously we talk about, you know, creating a Bybit account, et cetera. But make sure you're on testnet Bybit dot com if you are here placing trades. It's very easy to have two accounts a live account and a test one and forget which one you're on because the platform works and looks exactly the same. Now, leverage is one very, very important topic because a lot of people forget about leverage. You know it's defaulted here to 10x. Now, what that means is, you know, whatever I wager, I will make ten times that in profit or loss. And obviously we've covered, you know, here in the course already why betting more than a certain percentage of your capital is a really bad idea. Like mathematically, it's proven you just if you think you're going to beat maths and statistics, you're not. It's going to beat you until you until you get beaten into submission, you know. And it's just one of those things that you have to be very careful. Be aware of your strategy. If you ever are using leverage, you know you should be doing it for hedging reasons, etc. But I'm not here to give you, you know, advice on trading, et cetera. But I do want to make sure you're protected. And so my advice to you is to be protected. That's my advice. You know, change your leverage. So the first thing I do is, you know, here where I've got cross or isolated, I change it to isolated cross means, you know, your account balance essentially can get used to make sure that if a position moves against you, you know you don't get liquidated and your position remains open. Well, what that means is you can lose all your capital. Isolated means that whatever margin you have for that position pretty much is all that's going to get used up. Or you can read the exact meaning over here. It gives you the details. You might go a bit above that, but it has to be adjusted manually. So this is you might much more likely to get liquidated here if using isolated if you don't manually put more into your margin. But here you can get, you know, it's more flexible. But then in my view, there's more risk there, so it doesn't matter which one you choose. I choose isolated. The reality is in our board that we're coding up, we put a fixed stop loss in any way and you can decide you know how much you want to trust the board and how you want to code to stop loss, etc.. I always put it not that I always believe in a stop loss because there's some trading strategies where that makes no sense. But I'll always put some kind of stop loss because if something catastrophic happens like and you bought, for example, isn't running or the API stopped working or the keys aren't live anymore, like you don't want to lose all your capital, right? So I usually put a stop loss in any way. But for this course, I'm going to be using isolated and leverage is always one x never. 10 always use one. And the reason why you know it's going to be told to you that you should use 10x or 50 or, you know, you're going to see people. Yeah, this is good. You see this good that by do this, your current leverage is too high. There's an immediate risk of liquidation, right? So you can't leverage that much unless you have more buffer in your margin. And so put that to one. But there's a reason why people promoting 10x, et cetera, because the majority of people don't know this. And the reality is you're going to lose all your bankroll very quickly. You're going to lose it very quickly, it doesn't matter how if your strategy is is really your strategy is going to be like the best in the world that's ever been for it to warrant you doing 50x leverage, for example, even 10x or even 2x doesn't make sense. The only time it makes sense to do leverage again is if, let's say you own the underlying right and I want to hedge bitcoin for every dollar it goes down, for example, I want to show that on leverage because I don't need much capital or whatever to do that. And now I'm neutral, I'm market neutral, or I've got an option on bitcoin or something or an option on a stock. And I want, you know, I want to use leverage to to counteract something I own. Or if you're a miner who mines bitcoin, it's very inexpensive for you to use leverage, you know, because for every price bitcoin is going up, you're making money anyway. So it really depends on how you're doing it and how the maths adds up. But just for now, you know, when it comes to leverage one and one and isolated, and that's the first thing you should check whenever you're changing to a different crypto.