Let's place our first long position, long meaning that we make money as the price of, in this case, a serious debt goes up and we're going to keep it simple. First, I'm going to place a market order. Remember, market order is when an aggressive bio seller like myself right now comes in and says, I'm going to buy something. So actually what essentially we're doing if we stick with the same sort of drawing over here and we take all these all these people out, if we say, you know this person here, you're going to place a market order to buy, what that means is you're going to buy at the next available price that people here at the OSC are willing to sell. So you might want to buy, say, one AWACS and walk away with that one AWACS. So that's essentially what we're about to go and do over here. And that means that if the price of AWACS goes up and we go to sell it, we've made money. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to go and open a long position here. I'm not timing this. There's no strategy here. By the way, there's a 50 50 chance as to whether this is going to go up or down. But I'm going to just go and go. I'm going to go and buy, say, you know, one AWACS, which is going to cost me eighty five point ninety seven US dollars. And it's a market order. And you know, here I can buy with a take profit or stop loss. If I take that box over here, it says, OK, well, where do I want my profit to take? What that means is it will automatically exit me out of the market if this goes up a certain amount or it will exit me out if it goes down a certain amount. So if I make a certain profitable exit out, I make a certain loss. I'll exit out. So what I can do is I can hit, say, 10 percent if it goes down five percent or Typekit an actual number. I'm just going to say, you know, here five percent, for example, I really would say here that it's very important to recognize something when you place a stop loss order like I'm doing here. The order will close out as a market order, so I will pay a fee for that. Right. It's it's I believe I need to maybe read through the fees again of the exchange, but I'm pretty sure you get charged on both sides once when the trade goes through and again when the trade gets closed at your stop loss. So just bear that in mind, right? When you have a stop loss, it's going to cost you money. But if you don't have a stop loss and the price drops, you know 80 percent overnight, you're going to be really annoyed that you didn't have a stop loss in place. So particularly when you're messing around or even especially when you're trading for real. A lot of people would say, you know, I'm going to place a stop loss here. You know, the support line, you know, he has a support line, et cetera. The nice thing for day traders is they look at that and they know where everyone's stop losses are. So then they, you know, they push those down and then buy back in, etc. So, you know, there's a lot of tricks played there. But just to keep it simple, now we're going to do that. So we're going to buy, you know, with a stop loss at market value. And I'm just going to go, you know, open long and it's it's OK. Do you want to, you know, trade this? Did it OK? And so I go, OK, and that position is already filled. So you'll see that that is now a live position. It happened very fast. So you might not have seen, but a little pop up, you know, popped up to say, OK, yup, successful. It literally happened instantly. So what is the advantage of, you know, placing a long market order? Well, the advantage of placing a long order is that it goes through really quick. You can be very confident on the execution that you're in, the disadvantages that cost you money. You're going to pay a fee for that. So some exchanges, you pay a fee, whether you do a limit or a market order. Here we're talking about market orders, but here on Bybit, you actually get a rebate if you do a limit order. So this is our market order. But now let's say, you know, OK, we're in seven cents loss over here, which is not, you know, that's not working for us right now. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say, OK, I want to get out of this position before it goes down any more. I'm actually going to close it at a loss. And so I'm going to click market and confirm and that's that is now closed 100 percent of my position. And so now I have no active positions. If I was to go to, you know, my account and look at my orders, et cetera. I would actually see that, you know, I would see that trade had gone through, et cetera, here on Bybit. Depending whatever exchange you using, you would go and see them. So that's placing a market order. Now let's talk about placing a limit orders. If I go over here to limit this is very different because now I'm asked for a price so I can say, OK, you know, let's place a limit order to buy here at this level where this dude is. So it'd be a lot like me walking into this room and saying, I'm going to join, you know, I'm going to bring my box back in here, and I'm going to add it here to this, you know, to this cue over here, right? And so this this box is now going to become, you know, a green, a green box. So that's that's essentially what I'm doing. No trade is actually going through. So I'm just going to say, right, you know, give it to me at this price. I do want to stop loss. I'm going to say, you know, just give me again. Five percent stop. So all of that is the same. The only difference is it's asking me for a price. Now watch what happens when I go and I place the. Let me just confirm. Now you'll notice there's no position I have to go over here to active and you'll see there's an active order. It said 85, eighty five point seven one. That's the price. So that's where I'm in the queue. So I'm now down here. I'm one of these guys. I mean, this box, this queue of people, it's moving around a lot, but my order has not gone through. So you'll see here's a filled as percentage of total. Right now, nothing has been filled. So my my order hasn't gone through it all, but the price is going down. Maybe I'm going to start getting filled now. We'll just keep waiting. The price does seem to be moving around a fair amount, but that's essentially what's happening. So what are the well, we're waiting to get filled here. Let's let's discuss what are the advantages and disadvantages. Right. So I have a limit order. If I get filled at this price, I got, you know, the next best available price. So I didn't go if I placed a market order here at this price, I would have got it instantly, but I would have paid the worst price, right? If I got filled here like I just did, I got a better price. So the first thing you need to notice now is there's there's no more active position and actually it got filled all at once, which is quite interesting. I'm actually going to go and place another limit order, but I'm going to change the quantity to five hundred and I'm going to go and open that position again with a five percent stop loss. And you'll see that order submission. Insufficient margin for that. Sorry. Okay, so that's too much quantity of 500. Yeah, sorry, that's a crazy amount. Let's take a quantity of five and open that position over here. So since you canceled successfully, and that's because the price is moved. And so I'm going to try it again. I'm going to click this price here. Open long, confirm. And there it is. So the orders now going in, I've got to the queue. So what actually happened there? Let's talk about it in more detail. What happened there, first of all, is I got my quantity completely wrong because I'm not paying attention. And then what I got wrong is the market moves. So the price I was trying to place it up was already not in line with the price of where things had moved to. This is the market's right if things move fast, and this is one of the reasons why we're building about these a bot. Can, you know, look at the stop place orders really quickly and it's kind of bots trading against bots. But what's interesting down here is look at this field as percentage of not percentage of total, but filled 2.9 of total five. We look to buy, you know, five quantity of events right now. We've got 2.9. If that is being filled now 4.5 for over two positions, you can see my quantities going from one to five point five. That's because the four point five is just being added on to that. And if I keep waiting now with four and a half, hopefully we'll get completely filled. Yes, we did. We got lucky today. So now we're completely filled. And right now this is making a loss of zero point five eight. But what's really interesting about this trade, because it was a limit order, our position actually gets a rebate. So we actually got some money back just for providing liquidity to the exchange, which is really nice. Now, one thing that is really, really important to note is, and I'm sure a lot of people have skipped this video, but it's very, very, very important, which is why I've done a whole video on this is look here, right? We've got this post only post only will only be executed as a market order, right? So the post only order will only be executed as a market order if it can be executed immediately as a taker order, it will be automatically cancelled. So what this basically what a or only order is doing is it's making sure that if you place a limit order, but the market moved that it doesn't execute it as a mob, basically, it doesn't execute it as a market order. So what that means is you're not going to pay, you're not going to pay the fee that most people would then go and pay for placing a market order. So sometimes you can place a limit order, but the price moved, you know, sort of zigzagged and crossed you. And because it did that, you know, you then were liable to go and go and pay the market fee. If you put post only, that shouldn't happen to you. And Bybit actually have a video on this. You can search it, you know, by bit limit order post only you'll see a video. Google probably take you to that video if you want to watch more about it. But I've kind of explained it here anyway, right? So that's exactly how that works. Now, let's say we want to sell our position and I want to get out quickly, right? So this was green, but now it's red. It's moving against me, and maybe I'm not happy, by the way, there's of course, no strategy to what I'm talking about here, but I want to get out again, whether you're in profit or not and you want to get out, you can either place another limit orders. If I put a limit, then I've got to enter the price, et cetera. Post only that I want to exit out how much of my capital, which I'm not going to do. I'm just going to say, let's get out and it's going to hit market order quantity of six. Yep, get rid of all of it. And there you go. I've got no active positions opened to be filled and I have no positions, so I have no active orders and I have no positions left. So that's exactly how placing a long position works. Obviously, when you're placing a long position, then this is, you know, this is very different to a short position because a long position, you make money when things go up, short position, you're making money when things go down.