So how do we profit when prices go down? Well, we do that through shorting, so you can see here we can place a long position, but we can also place a short position. And the reason why we are using these USDC perpetual war is a number of reasons for doing that is because we're not actually trading the underlying crypto here. We're trading a derivative of the underlying crypto. And what that means is we can actually bet on the thing going down. And that's very, very handy for statistical arbitrage. In fact, it's pretty much necessary or required most of the time for statistical arbitrage, which is why we actually deployed in our strategy. However, I need to caution you about shorting in general. So let me first do that by asking you the question when you are going long. So when you are buying and you make money when things go up, what is your maximum loss? So just think about that for a second. Let's say you are buying, you know, 10 contracts or sorry, 10 quantity of 10 of, you know, vacs USD t here. So you're spending $850. Right. So let's say you do that. What is your maximum loss? Let's say you don't put any, you know, stop loss in or anything like that. So you know, we can uncheck that. What is your maximum loss? And if any of you said, you know, eight hundred and fifty dollars, you'd be correct. That's exactly what your maximum potential loss is, because if things go to zero, you've lost all your money, right? So that might sound really bad. And you know, you're like, Okay, well, you know, shorting, then how does it work for shorting? Well, if if prices can go to zero and your long and you can lose everything you put in, then what can you do? Shorting. Where can prices go if you're short on a stock? In other words, you're losing money as prices are going up? It's the opposite of going long. Well, prices can go up infinitely. So theoretically, your theoretical maximum loss is infinite. And you've got to be very careful when you're trading, particularly around stocks. There are some people that, you know, sent bills for, like 400 grand because they shorted something that they weren't covered for and they lost their house. It's very, very, very dangerous, right, so when you're shorting, your potential maximum loss is huge, which is why when you're shorting, always have some kind of stop loss somewhere. Right? Even if you're not using a stop loss in general, put it at some ridiculous price so that you know you're covered anyway. So that's that's just something I wanted to mention. That's very important. Now I'm going to use actually the crypto as its platform quickly, but you do not need crypto assets for what I'm going to show you here. I want to give you an insight into the financial markets in terms of longing, going long and going short. And this is important for you because there is a statistical edge in a sense, in knowing how markets behave. And I'm going to take. In fact, I might just use a vaccine is out of interest, but because what I want to do is I want to go and have a look at, you know, with the history of A5X, how often, let's say, on an hourly timeframe, is it going up and how often is it going down? How many times if it was like a coin flip, how many times is going up and how many times is it going down? If you wanted to know that manually, you could download data, put it in a spreadsheet and calculate it. That's definitely one way to do it, but there's something interesting. I want to show you with the results of that. So either you go and do that yourself, that's fine. Or just watch this VIDEO You do not need cryptoassets for this. It is not part of the course in terms of a tool you need. You do not need this tool, but it's going to serve me very well because there's nothing else out there that will do this for me right now to illustrate a point to around statistically how many times the market might go up or down. So I'm actually going to use Binance's data here. I'm going to pull Ajax to, you know, USDC. So that's exactly what we're looking at here actually with Bybit on the chart, and I'm going to get my data from Binance and I'm going to get six months of one hour, you know, timeframes. And rather than adding in, yeah, I think I won't bother adding any technical indicators right now. I'm just going to put in a box. So once I've got my data, I'm just going to go over here to the data engineer and just take a look here because what I can see is my open, high, low close for six months worth of hourly data. And I want to go in, you know, figure some stuff out about this. I'm going to say, look, if the close of events is up tomorrow versus today, make it a one. So I'm just going to call this target that's going to be called one. And that's going to be called zero. So what it's going to do, in fact, I'm not going to waste time here because this is just to illustrate a point is I'm going to just add this in to say, you know, what's tomorrow up or down? If, if so, put it one. Otherwise, you know, whatever. And so if I show you what that looks like in a scroll to the right, you've got ones and zeros. If the next day was up, it shows that one. If the next day wasn't, it shows a zero. And I'm going to go to a probability machine learning actually for this and I'm going to go and run this through some ml. So I'm going to say, you know, can this machine learning predict with all these features over here which are kind of irrelevant? You know, I'm not interested in making predictions right now, but what does it? You know, what sense statistically does it make of this data? So I'm just going to save this file is maybe a smell or something. Again, you don't need cryptoassets for this, but I just want to show you a point. So interestingly enough, here's some results that give me some insights into a right. So this model, for example, is saying that on the whole, EVA is actually going down 52 percent of the time, probably more than it's going up. And that's because, you know, markets move in what's called a random walk. There's nothing, there's no data. I gave this for it to make predictive to make predictive assessments on this data. And so what it's saying is, OK, with the best I've got, I can figure out it's sort of random position and it's random position is it tends to actually go down to in the last six months and hourly data like one to two percent more than it goes up, but that can vary a lot as well. Another way I can think about this, another way you can do it if you're doing this with Excel is you can say, right, let's you know, let's just go long if the close, you know, from today is greater than the close, you know, from yesterday. Right. So if the close today is greater than the close yesterday, place a long position and close, you would close your long position or the hour. Sorry, because we're using hourly data, plays a long position and close your position in the very next hour. So these are just some settings I'm putting in. You don't need to know how it's all working. I'm going to just run a quick back test very quickly on this to to kind of show you what's going on here. So if I do that and I run that practice, this is another really interesting way to sorry, this is a very test file. This is another very interesting way for it to tell me, like what's actually going on with a vaccine general, right? How does its price typically behave? Am I getting more up hours? Or am I getting more down hours? So right now it's cycling through all six months of data. It's actually trading those like it's trading them as if it was happening in real time kind of thing. And it's saying how much money would I have made or lost? Now indeed, what's very interesting is it comes back with a win rate of 48 percent. Now again, we're not trying to do a strategy here that's profitable. I'm trying to see what percentage of the time is this thing going up or down? And so this is telling me this is virtually, you know, 50 50. This is a 50 50 type coin. And if I placed short positions, I would have been right 52 percent of the time, which is exactly what our machine learning model came out with. So, you know, typically, technically speaking, if the future, you know, replicates what it's been doing in the past, I have a slight edge if I predict if I go short rather than long on a vacs. But what I'm trying to say to you here with a is that the markets are random, right? This might as well be 50-50, right? There's going to be some noise in this. There's going to be some standard deviation. You know, between these figures, I've given you the future. The past is not a predictor of the future, really, you know, in a manner of speaking. But it's it's good for you to know that you have pretty much a random chance of this going up or down. And so, you know, whether you going long and going short, if you are ever doing a strategy where you're looking at, OK, you know, do I want to make this a shorting strategy or long strategy? Look at the context of whatever you're doing, right? Like you can add in whatever you're doing, whether you're looking at excel, you're using crypto as it's whatever you're using. You can add in technical indicators to see if they enhance you, win rate, etc. And if they do, that can be a good sign that maybe you know you should be making this a short strategy or long strategy, depending on a certain market condition, et cetera. So shorting is not bad, but it's useful. And usually when things fall, they fall a lot faster than when they go up. If you did the same exercise, it just did. Now on the S&P 500 over 20 years of data, which I've done many times, you'll see that the number of longs is 53 percent to 47 percent and you'd be like, Well, why is that? Well, 53 percent of the time the market is updates and you say, OK, well, wouldn't that based on the mess that we've covered in this course, wouldn't that mean that, you know, we have an edge or we need to do always is just go long? And the answer to that is no, because for example, if you needed to trade based on that information, you would be trading options and that information is already priced into options, which is why there's a skew on put options versus call options. So, you know, this is really just a nice to have tutorial, which is why I've titled this video quite differently. This is just more of a luxury, more interesting video to have, but it's it just proves a point, right? Whether you're going long or whether you're going short in most markets is kind of irrelevant. But if you do choose to go short, you can lose your shirt if you're not covered, like it's really, really important that you have that fundamental understanding. And a lot of people might wonder, you know, how does shorting actually work? And the best way that it was explained to me when I was at a trading course, I was 17 years old. So nearly 20 years ago, you know, I was at a training course and the person explained it as, Let's pretend your friend lent you his Mercedes and goes away on holiday. You sell the Mercedes there and then for cash. And then he comes back six months later from his holiday and you're like, Oh crap, I better get him his Mercedes back. So you go and buy the exact same model, but because it's depreciated, you bought it cheaper. So you actually made money on borrowing his car, selling it and buying it back cheaper. That's really what shorting is doing. But in this context, it's pretty much betting, right? You're dealing with futures here. You're betting long, you're betting short. The fees are exactly the same from what I can tell from having used this. But just when you are going short, I guess the key takeaway on this video is beware. Beware, beware.