Now, most people who are doing this course will already understand how candlesticks work or the general charge structure of a cryptocurrency or stock or commodity, or whatever it is you're looking at. They will understand it because you've probably seen hundreds of videos for free online showing you all of this information. But what I did want to do is just cover it. For those of you who are not familiar with charting at all and you're interested to know more about, you know, these bars and what they actually mean. So if you feel confident on that area, you can skip this video. Definitely. You know, look more into some of the things that we talk about in this module that you might not be so familiar with. But if you are familiar with candlesticks and charting, you can skip this part here. So what does it mean when I look at a bar on the price graph over here? What does that even mean? Well, first of all, you can see here I'm on bitcoin to us dollar tether. Pretty much the same as bitcoin to the dollar. And right now, bitcoin is trading at about 43 K, nearly 44 K to the dollar. And if I look at this big green bar over here, just because it's easier to see, let me actually zoom in a bit. You can see that this bar is green. It's it's it's filled with green, and the one next to it is filled with red. All the all that means is the difference between in terms of the difference between green and red is the green means that it opened below where it closed. It closes above where it opened in that time frame. Then that essentially means that it went up. Therefore, it's green and red is just the opposite. If it closed below where it opened, then well, then it's red. And so that's just what the difference means. And then you will notice there's the sort of stick that goes through the bar. So, you know, this is a good example where you've got a big long wick here on this candle that just represents where the highest and the bottom of the wick, for example. And this one, you can see these ones have little tails on them. You know, those are called, that's the low. So I know where the open was, for example, on Let's pick this one, this this one here, the open was here, the close was here, the high was here and the low was here. And it's the same for the red ones. The high was here that I was here. The the open was up here because it's red and the close was down here. And that's how to read, you know, it's actually candlesticks now with me. You know, one thing you're going to hear me going on about and I want to be clear about it and my stance on this in this video is I really don't pay much attention to candles in terms of color, much at all other than if I'm looking at something called conditional probability, which is not what this course is about. But it's not something you need to know right now if you don't know what that is. But essentially, I'm interested here in what is the price relative to the volume relative to how it's been trading, what's happening in the order book over here relative to all of that. So I'm looking at context for everything. If you didn't show me a price chart ever, it wouldn't matter to me. It really wouldn't. There's a lot of videos online talking about chart patterns, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And obviously, from the module that you know you did here in this course, you'll now understand why, you know, I don't pay much weight to that. Mathematically, it doesn't make any sense. Markets move pretty much in a random walk. And, you know, we're just looking for small percentage gains wherever we can, you know, small percentage arbitrage opportunities or some kind of edge here. So I'm not interested in a, you know, head and shoulders pattern or a cup and handle. And, you know, in in illiquid crypto, some of these actually do play out. It's quite interesting. It's almost like what the stock market was before all the liquidity came in. You know, some of these do actually play out, but I can't objectively sit here and tell you that because I've not got the data to prove that it's just kind of what I've witnessed. I don't pay attention to it. I'm not interested. You know, when I'm looking at crypto or stocks or anything, I'm looking at, where's my edge? And if I'm not clear on what my edge is, I'm well, why would I enter? You know, why would I be involved? There's many people that look at chart patterns and they, you know, this idea is passed to traders that if only you can, you know, read the charts correctly, et cetera, then you can be profitable. None of those people stick around. If you go to a firm, you're not sitting there looking at charts, or at least you're not looking at it the way that you're learning online, for sure. So, you know, don't pay too much attention to what did the wick do? And then, you know, this means that it's a hammer or whatever. And and now it's going to drop and don't get into gambling. You just, you know, if you're thinking like that, you're just gambling. Don't do that. If you can't objectively say, statistically, I'm going to make money based on this evidence based on this data, et cetera. My my view on it is you just don't belong in that market if you don't have some kind of edge. You know, even the traders who are trading based on and statistics, et cetera, you know, or using some of the methods we're using here. You know, they also aren't just jumping in because they hope they're reading the chart, right? You know, they've got a method that works. That's that's why they make money in day in and day out. You know, that's how they're doing it. They sitting there with the depth of market with, you know, something like Sierra Charts or, you know, market delta. And they're looking at footprint charts or they're looking at the depth of the market and they're reading the order book and they trying to identify where traders are getting trapped or they building HFT machines or they're, you know, they're doing something else. But the people that are profitable year in and year out, they're not sitting here looking at candlesticks and going, Well, this candle did this, so I'm going to make money. And you will see that there are examples of people doing that out in the markets. You know, they sitting there, they're reading the candles and they'll show you the money they made. But you don't have a big enough sample size. So it's just don't don't get sucked into a trap thinking you need to become an expert at reading candlesticks. You know, it's almost I don't want to say it's a trap for fools because it's not quite like that, but it it can be a trap for people that are new because it's very misleading. It gives you an idea of hope that you can learn, you know, trends and how charts predict market psychology, et cetera. And the science just goes against that completely. It just it doesn't back that up at all. Now that's not to say trading is not about psychology. A lot of the best trades are placed in. The last year that were extremely profitable were longer term trades, so it's much easier to trade over longer term timeframes, which is more not even a swing trade, but more of a short term investing type strategy. And that works very well for me, where I know where the market psychology is because I'm in the market and I understand, you know, understand that psychology. But that said, next year I could do the same and lose money. So, you know, just be very careful. I would say, don't get sucked into, you know, candlestick chart reading, et cetera. In my experience and from all the people I've worked with and interacted with over the long haul, you're going to lose, you're going to lose your money. So down here, you've got the volume. So you know, the bigger the ball, the more the volume that got traded. And this is a very good example where look at how much volume got traded on the bar and look at how the price didn't move right? That price was tiny. There was hardly any movement on that day. It's like going back here where we are talking about they can be a lot of activity in the order book, but the price doesn't really move well. Another way of seeing that is look at this bar here, right? So there's a lot of activity, but not much price movements. And the reason for that is because volume doesn't move price either, right? It's the number of aggressive buys versus aggressive sellers and the liquidity in the order book. That's what dictates how the price moves. So that's just a, you know, brief cover here of candlestick charts, et cetera. Obviously, you can change different timeframes. One thing I'd like to mention here in this video, because it doesn't hurt to mention it is, you know, when I'm looking at trading statistical trading, right, whether I'm using cryptoassets or not, I'm changing time based bar data to dollar based buyer data. And that means I'm looking at how much, you know, I only look at another candlestick or create another candlestick, depending on how much volume got traded. And I'm not interested in the time period that got traded in a lot of the time. You'll see noise like, you know, for example, here that's very low. These across these two sections is very little trading activity here, right? The volume is very low, but then the price is, you know, up and down and down and down and up. Well, this can really distort your data because in reality, not much volume got traded here. So if you consolidate this into one giant bar, that's what dollar bars do. And typically, I'll use the platform to get those. But when you're looking at charts like this, you know, building about it's completely irrelevant right now, like depending on your bought strategy and whether you need the other bars, it's irrelevant. But if you're not sure of what dollar bars are, I definitely recommend watch video on it. I know I'll be posting one soon on crypto. Is it so probably there will be one there for you? But you know it is something worth being aware of, right? There's a lot of downsides too, especially in short term timeframes like if you're looking at, say like this, a one minute chart, right? Look at this here. Why do you need to see all these candles here, right? There's no volume being traded. You might as well consolidate all of this into into one bar. You know, this is far more interesting here. So if you're looking like short term timeframes, that's also something to bear in mind. But anyway, at least now, if you didn't know how to read or understand, you know what this price information is telling you. You understand this around the open, the high, the low in the close of this time period, I'll see you in the next one.