So well done, if you've got this far in this module, because now you have a pretty firm grasp on basically everything you need to know to start building an automated trading bot, at least in terms of what all these triggers are going to mean. But there are some things here that you might be curious about, that I'm going to cover for you anyway. So just some stuff on the periphery like this conditional order section here. What is a conditional order so you can place a limit order, market order or a conditional order? Well, a conditional order is an order that gets triggered if something happens. So if the price hits a certain price, then this order will become an active order, right? So it's it's a way of placing and triggering an order to get placed if something happens so you can almost think of it as a pre order order. I've never really had to deal much with conditional orders, so I'm not going to sit here and place trades in it because I'm not experienced enough with conditional orders to really do that. But that said, I don't think it's very difficult to, you know, to go and do and to automate. It's just something that I think you need to be aware exists. So. So that's something you can do there. Something else I'd like to cover for you as well is you could just close your positions up here on Bybit. They've got an open and close. You've seen me closing positions down here when I actually click on a position and there's other areas here as well in the bottom window that shows you what positions got filled, what your order history is, what your closed profit and loss is. So profit and loss is just, you know, obviously, how much money did you make? How much money did you lose? So you can see, here's our closed panel over here where, you know, before we had made a loss, a loss and then down here as well landed on negative zero point two four one eight. So you can basically track, you know, your positions that you're placing, whether they're closed, whether they filled. Look at the order history, if it's an active open order or the current position which is live in the market, the two that we're going to be using all the time in building Albert is this active position section. So when I take you through the code around placing limit orders, this is something we'll be working a lot in. And then the positions as well managing those and what you'll find is you, you will have an open position, it'll get filled, you'll close it because your testing, testing, testing, testing, writing, code, testing. And so you're going to be switching between these two areas a lot. Typically, I'm not closing positions in, you know, with the code until I'm writing the closed position part of the code. So I will have the platform open as well as, you know, pitch on where I'm writing all the python to to do that. So with that said, well done for, you know, going through this module here or around actually trading, trading in a manual way. Hopefully you've got some really good stuff out of this. And even though you might have been trading a long time, hopefully there was something that got you thinking and gave you some ideas. With that said, I'll see you in the next module.