OK, so as you saw at the end of the last module, there's not actually one, but but there's two. One of them, I've been running in the cloud, in the background. And by the way, if you're wondering where you can run things in the cloud, if you're interested in that, you know this Google Cloud, there's Heroku, there's Amazon Web Services, there's Python anywhere. I like Python anywhere as well. By the way, it's very easy to use. So there's lots of places you can do that. And I've had this bot running in the background and I showed you the trades on actual bybit as you know how that bots doing. And so that bot is basically using the the too good to be true, but tests that we did earlier in the course, and this is how it basically works, right? So it gets the the Z score, it checks for any open positions and it also checks the profit in loss. If the profit in loss is really bad, it stops trading. That's it. Like, it just won't trade if the profit and loss goes below a limit that I set, you know, for, you know, for this pair, then it will just stop trading and it'll close all positions. So close all positions if Cisco not relevant or poor PNL performance. So that's just for safety. And then, you know, check how much capital is invested, you know, open new positions until the amount of capital that I want it to be placed would be placed, then repeat for each time period. So that means on every hour, it'll just, you know, run through this. And when I say, you know, open your positions, it'll open them so long as I haven't reached the amount of capital that I wanted to inject in and the Z score on that hour is still, you know, favorable for placing a trade. So it'll just keep averaging in. And that came up with like really good results in the back test. But I'm sure there was a problem on the Excel file. I couldn't find what it was by now. Maybe you have, but the reality is I thought, let's test it. And I remember saying, you know, in that video, you know, we will be testing this or we are testing this. And, you know, here it is. It's been tested for, you know, just over a day, two days, and so far it's lost like $30 or whatever the number is. So this is something very, you know, very interesting going to keep posting updates on crypto as as I work on this stuff. So definitely, if you want to see how the bots are doing, et cetera, or any, you know, if there's any code stuff that I'm publishing there, feel free to, you know, to follow that. But honestly, if you're not into, you know, finding an edge in trading, et cetera, then then don't worry, don't worry to follow the channel. It's really annoying when I find it really annoying when channels channel things pop up that I'm not interested in. So that is, you know, that is how we're going to go ahead and, you know, build this, this bot or how it was built. And in the next video, what I'm going to do is actually just show you the code. We're not going to build the code together in one video. We're going to review it all because it's so simple. And actually, I much prefer it. I literally much prefer it to this bot that we spend all the time on. And as I said before, you know, the reason we spent a lot of time on this was so that I could teach you all the complex stuff in case you needed to use it. But for me, you know, keeping things simple and manageable and safe. This is a much better. But even though it might not be as profitable. It's actually a much better bot or structure for a bot. And I'm happy with the risk of it not trading within an hour, right? Because I have stop loss positions in any way. If the whole if the whole world ended right, I haven't lost all my capital. But then again, if the whole world ended, it wouldn't matter anyway. So there we go. Let's jump into the next session and go through the code.