Right, so it's time to walk through the code of but to. And so, you know, go to the bonus section here, go to the bonus folder that's included in the resources and, you know, double click on Main Bonus, right click on not close any other tabs. And you can, you know, hide all the other folders here on the left as well. Just so you know what, what we're looking at and here we have run step up to, it's very similar. Before we have all of our imports, we get rid of our warnings. We set our variables. One is for halting trading. And you'll see where that comes in useful. And the other one is closed check, which again, you'll see in a moment where that becomes useful. We set the leverage just like we did in the last part. We get the Z score. And when we have that Z score, we go straight to checking whether we're hot or not. And it's the but hot. And here we, you know, get and print the date time. So this is more useful just for wherever you're running the spot, whatever cloud service you're using to save the file and make the bot run. You know, this just prints outside. Lets me know. Yeah, but ran at that time period. That's that's all that's for. And it puts the time in a human readable format so that I know it ran and I got rid of seconds because I don't need to know the seconds that it running. And then here we get our profit and loss. So there's a couple of functions here that I've created for you to actually get profit and loss information for that ticker. And that'll get the, you know, the amount of closed profit and loss for that ticker and also get position information as well as the position value. So actually, what I've done here is I've added on the profit and loss unrealized and the position value. So what is profit and loss unrealized? Meanwhile, here we've got a closed and that means the trades were opened and closed and the profit in loss is set in stone. It's nothing we can do about it. These are open positions where the profit and loss hasn't yet been realized. And so the check that I'm saying here is, look, I have a max lost total. And that said, here in the new config file, it's allowed to lose a maximum of $500, and that's negative 500. You have to enter the loss as a negative number. And if it loses, five hundred will stop trading. So it's saying if the sum of all of my realized profit in loss and my unrealized profit and loss is even worse, then you know that negative five hundred, then you know, then this year is essentially true. And if not hot, then closed. Sorry, if not heart size one or size two is great in zero, then close check two is actually true. So this is this is interesting because this is when we now need to, you know, go to actually look to open positions. So close check one, which is all of this is less than this or close check to where, you know, we have something that's not hot, but we have positions that still have size that we need to close. So if those either of those are true, then close the trades, it's a first thing it does. So whole trading equals true that, you know, that's just the signal to to stop trading. And here we go, you know, cancel all active orders and you know, that will cancel orders and enclosed market orders. Nothing new to what you've seen before. This is all the same here. It's all just copied code. And then here we open new positions, so we essentially go and do what we did before we set the the sign of the tickers. This bot is not using limit orders because I'm just keeping it simple for now. And actually, it should use limit orders because I'm learning a lot even through this bot around the severity of how market orders can hurt you. But regardless, you know, this was just to prove directionally is the bot getting, you know, the trades correct? I didn't hear initialize order execution, and that's it. It runs that script and it stops and it starts running the script again in an hour's time. And and I said it to run on one minute past the hour every hour. And if you're using something like, you know, Python way, you just go to tasks and you create a new task to run the script. And Python, anyway, you know, there's a lot of documentation on that, et cetera. You know, all of that stuff, it's running scripts in the cloud. It's another course in itself, I guess. But you know, there's a lot of YouTube videos as well which help with that. If that is something you're interested in doing, a lot of you can just run this from your machine, right? You can just run it from your machine executed once an hour if you want to, but that kind of defeats the purpose of having a bot. So here we go here some bonus code for you. This is the too good to be true, but I haven't got a placing limit orders. But you know, frankly speaking, it could be quite easy to go in and actually, you know, create. A limit order type management system for this, you already know how. Because we already went through all that complexity here in our last bar. So enjoy this, you know, take whatever you can out of it, get the best. And if you work any magic, feel free to share it. Share the love. Thanks very much. And so in the next video, what are we going to do is we're going to actually review how can we make these bots better? And we're going to close off there and we're going to say goodbye. We're going to part ways as friends, as fellow wizards. And I'm, you know, I'm even emotional about that last video because for me, you know, there's been so much that has gone into this course that it feels strange to for it to be coming to an end. So I will be speaking with you there in that last video shortly.