Congratulations and celebrations. I'm just kidding, that's the only singing you're going to ever hear from me again. But I do want to say a massive congratulations to you. You know, you have done so well to get all the way from the start of the course all the way this far. The amount of stuff that you've covered and learned, I mean, literally, you know, nearly all of my 20 years worth of knowledge and study in the financial markets, a lot of that 80 percent of that is in this course. You really are getting the best of everything I know from the last 20 years. And whether you learned one or two things or whether you learnt loads of stuff, hopefully you learn something. But, you know, really congratulations because it hopefully was very much worth it. And you can see here I've got a picture of the surf. I think this guy looks super cool. You know, he's there on his boat. He's he's riding this wave now. I personally love surfing. I only get to surf about once a year, and I'm terrible at it each time I go because it's like I have to start all over again. It's not like learning to ride a bike, you know, I find that you have to get back into it. But, you know, in terms of understanding the the mechanics of trading, understanding about, you know, an edge, understanding how to code well enough in Python to actually automate stuff. You've got it. You are, you know, you are the surfer. This is you. And if you're if you're a lady, you know what? You this, of course, I would have put a picture of a lady to. But you get the point, right? You are. You are this surfer. You've done exceptionally well and you know a lot more than you think. Right? You can now, you know, converse with anybody around trading and you can talk, you know, from a background of actually understanding the math. You understand randomness, you understand probability, you understand arbitrage, you understand how to program and test stuff and forward test. You understand that back testing is flawed for testing is everything. You know, we didn't cover, of course, this this course was not about machine learning. It was not about options and, you know, getting an engine options, et cetera. These are other things that I would look to do another time because they were also very deep passions of mine. But you are this surfer. This is the level you know, you've got to hear. And now it's just about getting out in the water and practicing, practicing, practicing, practicing, testing, testing, testing and always be careful, you know, do not put your money into anything that you yourself don't have, you know, 100 percent, 100, not even 99 per cent confidence, a 100 percent confidence in my. So just a massive well done and also a massive thank you to you. You know, for you, you know, for going through the course. You don't know how much it actually supports me. I love teaching and you know, I don't need a lot of students to take up a course. But what I care about is, you know, do I change the game for someone you know, does is somebody better off having found some of my material than than when they turned up, right? Are they better off when they leave than how they turned up? And hopefully you feel smarter, more agile, and hopefully you'll be more profitable because you've had this interaction. Now the only thing I'm going to ask from you is to just be honest, right? Just be honest with yourself and with me and with others. If you got a lot out of this course, if you felt great about it, then you know, please write a comment, you know, leave a five star rating. If you felt it was five star, leave a one star rating, if you thought it was terrible. Just be honest about your feedback, but write something and don't do it for others. So much as do it for me because I read those comments, I read every single comment, and the reason why I do that is because I'm always trying to improve, you know, and when I'm delivering any material I can promise you, I'm doing it at the very best of my ability. So I want to know, you know, where you know, what did I miss? You know, what do I need to reflect on and improve on? But also, who did I help? And you know, when I read positive comments, you know, from the courses or from the channel, it lifts me, you know, I love to teach. And, you know, as corny as that sounds, that's how it is. That's the reality. I love teaching and I love finding gaps in the markets. And when I put those two things together, you know, I'm really in my element. So congratulations, you know, please do take the time to write something negative or positive or balanced, whatever you prefer. That's one way you know you can shake my hand. You can nod your head and say thank you back. So please go ahead and do that and let us part ways here. But I'll catch up with you. You know, if you're following the channel, I'll catch up with you there. I'll catch up with you. You know, at the crypto is its platform. For those of you who are already using that, you know, I know that this course came about because of you guys. You asked me for it. So here it is. But actually, this is a very emotional video. For me, I'm going to leave it here and say thank you very much.