OK, now, as we spoke about before, we really want to become the casino, so what is another edge that allows us to become the casino and already hinted at it? In fact, I mentioned it in a prior video, but I wanted to highlight it here by showing you some real trading results on the testnet here with Bybit. So here you can see, for example, this is me messing around, building a bar, testing it out with bitcoin to us dollar tether. And this is the trade history for BTC, USD t from my account. And what I'm pointing out to you here is not profit and losses. That has nothing to do with this video, but it's looking at the market maker rebates. So every time you see a purple arrow here pointing to this negative number, this is the the amount of the rebate that I got for placing a limit order. Here's the market orders, and here's the limit orders and you can see what I was doing here is I was for opening positions. I was shorting bitcoin, right? So I was shorting bitcoin here and for opening positions. I was placing a limit order limit order means I'm providing liquidity to the exchange. And I don't just get in the minute I place the order. I have to wait to see if somebody will accept the price I'm offering for that coin, either to buy that or to set it up. And so that's, you know, that's essentially in a nutshell, but we go in deep into market and limit orders later on. But here I wanted to show you the the detail of what it actually looks like. So you know, here I'm getting this rebate point zero zero zero zero to five on, you know, zero point zero two five percent. You could think of it as on every single trade, on the amount of every single trade. When I have a limit or two filled and I show you later in the course how to guarantee that if it gets filled that you are getting that rebates. And then here where I'm closing my trades, you know, I'm paying out. This is a cost to me. Point zero, seventy five percent or zero point zero zero zero seven five. Same thing. And so the negative numbers are good guys here, right? The negative numbers on money in my account. The positive numbers are bad guys. So if you want to become the casino, you could close your trades as well with limit orders and open your trades with limit orders. And already you have an edge. But here's the trick the trick here, and it's tricky with statistical arbitrage because you have two coins or two stocks or two tickers or two symbols, whatever it is you're trading that needs to get filled and you have to try and get the right amount filled on the order book. And so, you know, we discussed at the very end of this course the lessons learned on how we can really improve the bot. But you know, the point of this isn't to build a bot that's going to make everyone money, right? That's that's what we endeavoring to do. But you know, you're not going to just get up here in this course. The course the point of this course is to teach you, you know, everything there is. You could possibly try to figure out about bot building, you know, from a starting position, and that's what we try to deliver. And you know, this is a very important lesson to take away. If you did have 50 50 odds plus market making rebates, you already are above 50 50. And you have seen based on our Kelly criteria and our other videos before this, you have seen how important that actually is. So please, if you are thinking about an exchange and you're not sure what exchange to trade with, I would encourage you and I have to be careful what I say, because this is not advice. None of this course is financial advice. Of course, it's just for educational purposes only. But I would encourage you to seek exchanges that offer market making rebates if they seem secure, because that automatically gives you an edge. And also, you're doing the exchange a favor because you're helping them provide liquidity, you know, otherwise they're having to rely a lot on liquidity providers, which I can tell you now they're paying a heck of a lot of money for. So, you know, this also helps the exchange as well. But you know, there is risk involved and you need to pay attention to the details that I give you in this course about how to place those limit orders in order to get that rebate. It's very important. And I'll tell you now you need to make sure when you execute any limit order that if you wanted to get filled with a rebate that it gets filled as a post only order, right? That's going to be very, very important. So here's another golden nugget for you. I know it seems small. I know it seems like no big deal. But now that you've seen the probability videos, you realize how valuable this market making rebate actually is, where others would completely overlook this. And now again, you know why ninety five percent of traders lose their money?