One of the ways that you know you have an edge is if you find a way to profit, whether the market's going up, down or sideways. So, for example, you know, it's very easy to make a profit if you know the market's going to keep trending up. I'm moving average crossover will work in that scenario, and it will work for a down training market to. Now for sideways markets, Stochastic will work extremely well, right? Ah, so I make the deal work really well for you. But how do you know whether the market's going to continue trending or not? Well, a lot of people might say, you know, I believe that it's going to go up because, OK, that's fine and you're entitled to your beliefs and your opinions. Do you have any objective facts or evidence to support that? A market will go up so that you know your own bias is not going to bankrupt you? I don't mean that with respect. But I also mean it sincerely. As humans, we have something called optimism bias. We see what we want to see. When I showed you that randomly generated chart earlier, you can see how convincing it looked that moving averages would work with that chart. And actually, if we had inspected that chart very closely and actually looked at the exact entry and exits based on that crossover, you would have seen it actually would lose you money. But the reason you didn't or most of the time people don't, including myself, is because, you know, we see what we want to see. And so, you know, one of the edges you can get in trading is really to learn how to profit in up, down and sideways markets and you know, the way I prefer, there's a number of things I'm going to talk about here. I'm going to draw draw them for you, right? One of the ways I really like looking at when it comes to trading is arbitrage. What is arbitrage mean? What it means taking advantage of mis pricing. It's all different types of arbitrage in the world. I like arbitrage, particularly in crypto. You know, there, for example, this arbitrage where I can buy a coin here from, you know, exchange, it's called an exchange a. And sell it at Exchange B for more money. That's just called what I call vanilla arbitrage very straightforward. There's triangular arbitrage, which, as you all know, who've done my course. I'm very passionate on where you have like a triangle, right? And you have you say, let's call it, shop a shop B or exchange B and C, or it can all be one exchange as well. It can be multiple exchanges or just one. You know, this could be one crypto in other crypto and another crypto where you buy a pair here and you exchange it for this pair and you exchange it for this pair. And then you just exchange it back here for more money. You know, and I could give you an example of this. Let's say here I've got, you know, apples and bananas, and I want to exchange my bananas for bananas and oranges. Right. So I go and do that. Here's my oranges to bananas, and then I want to exchange my oranges for apples back here. And if you're wondering about the details of triangular arbitrage, you actually go into this as a lot of you know, into a lot of detail and the other course. And for those of you on crypto visits, of course, you know that course is free for you. As part of the platform, you get access to all the courses that please, you know, if you do want to check out even just the odd videos that say, you're just doing this course, just go over there and watch that video. If you really want to understand more about what that's about, and I'll show you how to code that up, not just on, you know, the Poloniex exchange, but also show you how to code it up in DeFi for Uniswap. Right? So there's triangular arbitrage and then, you know, there's also then statistical arbitrage. So here I'm going to show, you know, two different prices. This is it doesn't have to be to do with pairs trading as such, I guess. But it's really just to do with maths. You know, statistically, you have, you know, using statistical methods like hypothesis testing and using P values and test values and critical values. And there's basically all these statistics wrapped into that. I'm not an expert in, by the way, to tell you that there's a certain pattern that you should expect. And then when the pattern deviates from the statistics, you know, there's there's an arbitrage opportunity. And this is also something I'm very passionate about because, you know, this arbitrage and this arbitrage, there's a lot of different risks in those as they are with this, you know, there's risks in any arbitrage opportunity strategy, but the risks here are very different, you know, and here I usually I can have more liquidity. I don't have to worry about other people taking that trade from me because usually what's going to happen is, you know, there's just not enough people placing that kind of trade for that exact pad, that exact time. Taking advantage of that arbitrage. And so, you know, for me, this is a much less competitive field. I could be wrong, but I imagine it to be a lot less competitive. So we have our vanilla arbitrage we have here. I'll try and get an arbitrage. And, you know, here we've got our statistical arbitrage. But what are some of the other methods, right, that you can go and make money in the financial markets? Well, I'll talk about one other one. It's not really part of this course, but it's something that I think you should know, right? So let's say you have your S&P 500 here, right? Or some kind of stock index moving here? Well, if I trade just the S&P 500 again, I'm vulnerable to whether it's going up, down or sideways. My strategy has to fit those, and if I could predict those, I'd be the richest man in the world, right? No one can predict them with extreme accuracy. There is some edge you can get, for example, in the channel. Recently I spoke about, you know, trends scanning and actually had to put my tail between my legs because I would look ahead bias in my, you know, in the algorithm, and I quickly corrected me on that. Thank you, Jack. But nonetheless, right? There are ways you can try to optimize for that. And I do spend a lot of time with machine learning, you know, looking at that. But there's another way to trade here, and it's it's similar to arbitrage to me. It's it's called momentum trading and with momentum trading momentum like such with momentum trading, what you do is you're essentially buying, you know, your top 30 performance, right, your top 30 stocks and you're shorting your bottom 30 stocks of that as. And P 500, so you don't own the whole portfolio, you're going long on these guys and shorts on these guys. And typically what happens over time is that gives you, say, a 15 percent to 30 percent, depending on how good you audit return on investment. Now you've got to remember, you know, Buffett's firm, et cetera, among his firm. These guys are making about 20 percent a year, which, by the way, is astronomical. It's fantastic. If you're making that return, you should be running a hedge fund. OK, it's like, seriously. But this is momentum, and I see this as a form of arbitrage in a way because you know that statistically, you know, going long on these and short on these actually yields you a better, a better return than just, you know, the market. So momentum trading and again, this is a huge field, you know, you can get really, really deep into. That is a really good way to do it. But I want to focus here on statistical arbitrage. And so I'm going to bring up this chart again. And statistical arbitrage is, you know, again, we're profiting on the difference between these prices, which essentially is the spread over here and the spread is using, you know, something called the hedge ratio to calculate. And we're using here the Z score as our signal for, you know, when to go long and when to go short on that pair. You can also use the hedge ratio, which we'll talk more about, but you can use that to help with understanding how much of how much you should wager on one coin or one stock ET versus another. But that's what we are doing. That's our chosen strategy here, right? So that's another edge. I guess the point I want to make is arbitrage, right? If the math says Do arbitrage do arbitrage like, don't argue with the math. If you fight reality, you'll lose. So, you know, those are just some ideas, some concepts around, you know, another place you can get edge. And of course, I'm going to talk about arbitrage when it comes to doing that.