One of thing that can really hurt trade is particularly in crypto, is exchange fees. So, you know, you can make a big percentage return. Let's say you make five or 10 percent return within one week, and I know you've heard of people doing more than that. But you know, let's say you did that in crypto and you go to transact at, say, using, I don't know, Crypto.com or something and you want to transact back to your fiat currency. You end up, you know, paying a lot of money for that. Like, you lose five percent just on all the fees that you get charged, right? And so, you know, being fiat pegged is very important, in my opinion. So if you're going to hold cryptocurrency on an exchange, so for example, in this case, we would hold us dollar tether because by holding US Dollar Dollar Tether right, we can go long and short. And you will see that when we talk more about the exchange, I go right into that detail, you know, but you can go long or short. Right. And so we are using an exchange where we don't want to hold bitcoin, then transacted to Tether or then transact it to theory. And then you have volatility risk and you have all this other risk involved. So this is not so much of an edge, but I wanted to include it because if you don't do it, it can take away from your edge. And you know, that's to make sure that whatever you're trading, try to do it. If it's fiat pegged, right, try to do it, fiat pegged. And that's if holding that currency is what you want. If you believe in the crypto you're holding, then by all means like forget about us dollar or euro or pound with yen or pink elephants, orange monkeys. You know, forget about it. It doesn't matter. Then, if you believe that you know Ethereum is going to skyrocket in value, then trade for a Etherium, you know, hold Ethereum. And if anything, coin versus coin, you're going to find some better arbitrage opportunities, et cetera, as well. But they come with their own risks. So, you know, the strategy that we will be deploying in this course is to trade only against perpetual contracts on Bybit. These are derivatives that like futures, I guess you could look at it as. And they essentially are, you know, USDC. So, you know, you can hold your city and when you're trading, you can, you know, trade these other pairs back and forth for us. But you don't have any exchange or volatility risk in that sense. The risk you have is essentially when prices start moving away from each other even more. That's that's the risk if you if you place a long and a short on the basis that a pair will converge and then a diverges even more until either you get stopped out or you decide to exit or the signal disappears. You know, that's your risk, and there's always going to be risk in any strategy. A lot of your trades are going to lose money. It's just how it is. The goal here is to make sure that more than 55 percent of the time, as we saw earlier, they're not losing money and that you've got the correct position sizing. But anyway, the point of this video is, you know, potentially especially if you just look at fiat pegged cryptos or, you know, trade again stocks if you want. But just be careful because it's all sorts of risks that you need to bear in mind outside of just the exchange that can cost you money and make it not worth trading.