Welcome to the start of the intuition for trading principles, and we're going to cover something very, very interesting right now at the very start in this very video to get us kicked off. So the first thing I need to mention to you here is in this video and only in this video I am going to lie to you. And yet you didn't miss hear me. I am going to lie to you. But it's for a reason. It's to try to convey a message. And I will tell you during the video where I lied so that you will see why I did that. But it serves to try to help you understand the point that I need to get across because the reality is you're being lied to all the time when it comes to trading education online. And very often that's not because, you know, somebody is trying to pull the wool over your eyes or cheat you. Sometimes it is, by the way, but it's also because people themselves, they actually don't know the reality behind the markets unless they've gone deep enough into studying these. And like I said earlier in the introduction session, there are people with PhDs in financial markets that lose money. Okay, so we need to we need to bear that in mind and realize that there are some truths about the market that we need to accept before we can move forward with any trading strategy. So the first thing I want to show you here is what you know, most trading schools, for example, would teach you. And there's a lot of truth to this, and I actually do want to show you this. Now, bear in mind, I'm going to lie to you in this video. I want you to guess where I'm lying. I have not lied to yet, but I will lie to you at some point in this video, and I want you to guess when I'm lying. See if you can catch it out as I go. But in reality, I want you to think of a roulette table. Okay, so the trading in the financial markets is not that dissimilar in many ways to sports betting or betting on, you know, any outcome. At the end of the day, you are taking information and trying to work out whether you can predict better than the price that's offered to you. What will happen in the future? And so if you think about a roulette table, you've got almost an even number of Reds, almost an even number of blacks and a green right. And I think I think the payout is if you land on green, it's like 36 to one, right? And if you land on a red, it's like, I can't remember the odds, but it's like a 48 percent payout or 49 or 48, whatever. Now the reality here is that if you were to go into the financial markets and you had these odds, the same ones you have with the roulette table, you are pretty much guaranteed to lose money. And in the next video, we're going to actually look at the probabilities behind this in a lot more detail. In fact, I'm going to give you the formulas not for you to calculate because they calculated for you, I'm going to give them to you in Excel and you can use Google Sheets or excel to use them. So that's going to happen. But, you know, look at this roulette table over here. Wouldn't it be nice if when you go trading in the financial markets, you can absolutely, you know, with extreme confidence, take out, you know, some of some of these colors over here. So you could take out, for example, the red, you could take out this red and you could take out this green and you could take out, say this red as well. And let's say you could remove all of those from the roulette table and replace them with a black and then bet on black. You know, what do you think the odds are that you would make money? And so how does this get taught online? So what you get taught when it comes to trading more often than not is, you know, you get given a price chart. And then you get given a bunch of, you know, technical indicators or maybe fundamentals about that business, you get taught about fundamental research, technical analysis, et cetera. You know, you need to combine different signals. And you know, the more signals you have, the more of these reds and greens you're removing from the roulette table. And that's what you get taught. And so, you know, let's move on here from this slide here, because what I would like to actually do is talk about a common illusion that's taught. And you know, one thing I do want to mention to you is probably this is going to upset some of you. And it's OK if you don't want to agree with me. It's OK if you you know you think this is nonsense, you can even give this course a very poor rating. And you can write a comment about, you know, how there's misinformation if you really disagree, right? It's OK. On the contrary, if you find this information very useful and helpful, you can do the opposite, right? You can give it a higher rating, and you can say you learned something that saved you years of pain in the future. And I know this because, you know, in my trading career before and I'm not a professional trader, by the way, I can't say my trading career. I have no right to talk about my trading career as though you should, you know, you should listen to me. But I know from trading and from everything I've gone through over 20 years, I know that a lot of what I'm about to show you can be nonsense. So I'm going to jump into excel now, and I want you to answer a very important question for me. OK, so hopefully you can see this chart here. This is a cryptocurrency chart. It's a cryptocurrency that's been around for a very long, very long period of time. And you probably can't guess which crypto it is at this point. And that's OK. But you can see here that it's been trading since 2000 13 all the way to the snapshot that I took, which was in 2021. So I'd like you to take a look at this cryptocurrency for me. And now a lot of you would have seen price charts. You'd see candlestick charts, you know, right now, I'm just using a price chart here because I'm just more interested in the general principle. And here you can see, you know, the volume, you know what the volume looks like. And it's it's all very tight because there's a lot of trading days. Yeah, right? I'm looking at this over many years, but here we have this cryptocurrency. And when you look at this cryptocurrency, I'd like you to tell me right here, I've got the moving averages, right? So a lot of you would have seen moving averages his the price of the crypto. Here's the moving averages. You know, here in the moving averages of crossing, typically you would buy and here you would sell. So this would have been a nice profit you would have bought here. You would have sold here, you could have shorted here, had gone long here, could have gone longer shorted here. And actually, you know, this looks like quite a profitable strategy alone, just using the moving average crosses. Now I could throw Mac D on here. Bollinger Bands, you know, RSI, whatever we could do, whatever we want till the cows come home really doesn't matter. We could add a lot to this. But you know, I want you to tell me, what do you think is going to happen in the very next time period? So we've had the moving average across up here, right? So here it's gone long. Can see here. Here they've crossed. Would you buy this crypto like if this was right now? Today I want you to to be serious about this. Now be serious with me. I know it's a video on a course you're watching, but in a really, really commit to this. Would you buy this crypto right now? Would you shorted or would you go neutral? What would you do? I mean, it's kind of convincing because, you know, when I look at the moving averages here, it's kind of obvious that that strategy works right. Like we can literally see it's worked here. And you know, you might think I picked a time frame here where it does just work. And maybe you're right, maybe I did the. But what do you think is going to happen next? Now I'm going to hit save on this Excel file. And by the way, this Excel file you can download from the resources, you can actually have a look at it if you want to, and hopefully you haven't looked at it already. Don't look at it yet. Look at it after this video. But what I'm going to do now is I'm going to expose my lie. I'm going to save the file. And look at what has happened. So you might be thinking, OK, you move to the next time step and the price went down. No, look at the dates, they still the same dates. This price chart is not real. I lied to you, and I'm sorry for that. But it was a necessary evil because it's a point I really need to get across. You can look at any charts you want, you can look at any indicators you want, and most of the time they will lose you money. And the reason for that, the hard truth about that is it's statistically mathematically proven. Most of the time, the markets, especially if they are liquid markets, i.e. there's a lot of trading that happens in them. Move in what is called a random walk. That means they are random and to model this chart to make this appear. Let me show you how I did it. This some tabs you can on hide here. You know, I'm going to open up this tab called Random Generator, right? Here's a generator. It's generating random numbers on a normal distribution. Look at this. And it's basically helps to calculate what's called Brownian motion. Here I've got my moving average on this Brownian motion, so I started the stock price of the crypto price at one hundred and then all I'm doing is adding on the previous price, plus this random motion. And here's my 100, you know, my ninety nine, it goes down, etc. Then it goes, you know, it still stays down a bit. Whatever, whatever. Right. And here's that's what you see here. It's just going down. I've been able to simulate a cryptocurrency price that has moving average crossovers that would make most people think they could trade it. You might think, Well, so what? You know, the real cryptos and stocks out there, you know they are they real? They're not this random degenerated price. Well, actually, no. That's not true in a sense, because actually, they do follow Brownian motion. Statistically, you can prove it. I can. I can prove it to you with machine learning. A crypto is. And in fact, at one point in this course, I will. I will show you. You can predict how many up and down days there will be for something just because that's as good as it gets. Right. That's that's as good as it gets. Most of the time it will fall into the 50-50 category. Now, the good news about this is that statistically, we can take advantage of this sometimes. Right? So when when something behaves in a statistical manner in a certain way, we can take advantage of it. But I can tell you right now that if you are looking at price action and just technical indicators and you're following what you're learning from brokers and online material, most of the time you're losing your money. And in the next video, I'm going to show you how you can calculate when you will lose your money by its math, and it's like I said at the start of this course, whether you like it or you don't. Whether you agree with the reasons why I'm teaching you this course or not is irrelevant. The point is that you will have indisputable evidence here. That you can take with you in your trading career, your trading journey, and no one can ever pull the wool over your eyes again. Not that they all trying to. And there is merit to things like RSI that is married to make these, you know, there's ways you can use that where they can be useful. Right? I'm not saying that everything everyone learns is a total waste of time. But what I am saying is the markets follow a random walk. You cannot predict something random. You just can't. So that's a very, very important lesson, and I'm going to stop it there, but hopefully you got something very important out of this. And now when I take you through some of the tools that you can use to predict markets, you know you will have a new appreciation for the fact that math and statistics is actually extraordinarily useful and that even though the markets move in a random kind of way, they're not completely efficient. You know, they are gains you can make right. And that's why I focus a lot on arbitrage. The markets are not 100 per cent efficient. That's my belief anyway. Some people disagree. Some people agree. You know, particularly in crypto, crypto is very inefficient, right? They are the reason why I look at cryptos because it's inefficient, right? This opportunity. So let's leave that and move into the next video. I show you how you can calculate the probability of you losing all your money or doubling it. And when that will happen.