One more very important principle that we absolutely need to cover and we again are going to use a spreadsheet for this is that math doesn't lie and you need to know the probability based on the odds of you losing your money or doubling your money, et cetera. You need to know how much of an edge you need in order to be profitable in the financial markets, in betting, in whatever. And so if you haven't seen this before, then this is absolutely fundamental. And I didn't see this math, probably for the first 15 years of researching trading. Probably took 15 years. I'm not even going to show you the math, it's in the formulas already. But you know, we're going to show you the outcome of what the results of what the math means. So let's get into that now. All right. So I've got the same spreadsheet we had before with the random walk price. I hope you guys found that fun. But we've got that there next to us over there. And you know, any time I type a number into the spreadsheet or change the spreadsheet, you'll see that chart change. And that's absolutely fine. By the way, we're not even focused on the chart. I've just set it up to change any time the spreadsheet changes. That's just how the random formula works here in Excel. What we're going to be focused on is this side of this spreadsheet, right? And again, you've got this spreadsheet, it's in the resources folder, so you can just go and grab it there and play with it. So this is the probability that we will double our money before we lose it. When the odds are against us, we say that again, we are going to calculate the probability, the percentage probability that we will double our money before we lose it. When the odds are against us. And so this calculation will only work if the odds are against you. So the probability of success you entering must always be below the probability of losing. So I'm going to say, you know, they say the probability of success is 49 percent and the probability of losing is 51 similar to, say, a roulette table or some kind of game at a casino. Right. And any game at a casino, you will never hit 50-50 odds unless you're doing card counting at blackjack or playing poker. Right? That's the only time you might have some kind of edge, depending. Right. And if you haven't seen the film 21, I'd definitely recommend you watch that film. It's based. It's based on true facts, really. So let's take $100 and see when answering that $100. What is the probability that I will double my money before I lose it? And the probability of that is one point eighty three percent. In other words, we know I'm going to lose my money, all of it over time, over enough samples, right? If I did a thousand coin flips right, I'm going to lose all my money and I might double it first. But that probability is one point eighty three percent. It's math, it's just math. And here's the formula. The formulas entered in for you. And here's a formula as well. For this one, we're about to do so. Forget about doubling our money. What is the probability of reaching our target, right? So let's say again, I've got $100 and I want to turn that into $200. And in fact, before I do that, let's just say my probability of success is 49 percent again. And so that's putting $200 here. Well, it's the same number. You can see it comes to pretty much the same number. I'm doubling my money at 49 percent. What's the probability? It's very, very low. Well, what about $150? 13 percent? Right, you're not going to reach $150. What about 110 would I get there? Yeah, there's a 66 percent probability you'll hit 110. But after enough goes right, you're you're going to lose that anyway over time. Why? Because the odds are against you. This is telling you that. So let's put in 200 again. And let's say the odds here are 50-50, right? There's a zero percent chance I'm pretty much going to double my money, but this formula doesn't really work for 50-50 odds. Let's put in 51 percent. Right now, I have a one percent edge, right, there's a one percent edge in my favor. I have become the casino. There is a 98 per cent chance, in other words, it's the opposite of the 1.8 right. It's the other way around now. There's a 98 per cent chance that I'm going to reach my $200 target and let's say it's $250, let's say it's $500, I'm going to hit it and it's just a matter of time. It just depends on how many trades. I just have to place a lot of trades. So what? What does this mean? This means that if you don't have an edge in the financial markets, you have nothing. Right. And that's the point that we need to just accept as a hard truth, and again, a lot of you might be annoyed at the way I put that across. Well, maybe not happy with this. Or maybe you think I'm forgetting about a lot of, you know, factors that are important? Maybe I am. But based on all the research I've done over years and all the training and experiments and everything I can tell you hand on heart, I believe this as fact to my grave. It will take somebody who's extremely convincing to convince me otherwise. If you don't have an edge, the casino owns you. If you walk into, you know, an exchange to trade and you don't have an edge. That exchange owns you. The market owns you. Why do 95 percent of traders lose their money? This is the reason they have no edge. And you might say, well, OK, you know, the market's up 50 50, right? I mean, here we can see this is a random whatever the odds are, 50 50. So why are we using, you know, 40, nine, 50 percent, et cetera? Well, they're not 50-50 because let's think about it, right? You go into the aisle, type it out here and excel. You go into the casino and you go in with £100. All the exchange. Sorry, go into the exchange with $100. And what happens when you place a trade, you have to pay place a fee. And that fee you say zero point zero seven zero point zero seven five percent, for example, right, is called to take a fee. And you have to go in, you know, pay that fee. What does that mean, your odds on day one on minute one on second one are placing that trade are already below 50 percent. Harsh truth. So why do professional traders focus so much on trading fees? Because it matters because every single tiny bit of a percent eats away from their probability of success. That's why and you know, when I look at this, I feel very passionate about it because, you know, how could we not be taught this on day one at a trading school? This is the first thing they should show you. You have to have an edge. And a lot of you would say it's obvious, and I would agree. It should be obvious. But you know, we have this belief that, well, you know, if my payout is really good and my probabilities. Yeah, that's true. But how do you know your payouts are going to be better? Well, I'll put my stop loss here and my take profit there. Yes, but you're still dealing with the same 50 50 random walk. So you still have no edge. Anything else, you know, even if you do all the money management techniques to protect your capital and you still have no edge, let's say again you're at 49 percent, right? Let's say you still have no edge and all you want to do is get to $200 and it doesn't matter who you want, you'll do it over years. You still won't do it. You go to one point eight percent chance, right? One hundred and fifty dollars. 13 per cent chance with thousands of trades. You won't do it. So again, if you have no edge, you have nothing but what again is the good news about this? If you have an inch, you have everything. The goal here is to become the casino. And the way we're going to do that here is we are going to have everything stack up in our favor. We're going to look at instead of paying a fee to trade. We're going to get paid to trade No. One. That's why we chose the Bybit exchange. We want to get paid to trade. The other thing is the spread right to spread kills us and you'll learn about the order book. You know, when we go and trade on the testnet. But you know, if I have, you know, something priced at $101, you know, on the bid, a $99, sorry, $101 on the ask, a $99 on the bid. If I bought here and sold here, I've already lost money on the spread. So you need more than a one percent edge in trading. In fact, I'd say you need a three to four percent edge in trading for this to actually become true. And not only that, you have to not be the issue, right? You can't let your emotions get in the way. You have to be systematic. You have to be consistent and your execution has to be flawless. Now, bear in mind, you are human. You bought building probably isn't going to be perfect. Doesn't matter how good a human you are at programming, etc. It probably won't be perfect. So probably you need more than a four percent edge. You probably need a, you know, seven percent edge to cover the fact that there's going to be mistakes. It's going to be missed trades. There's going to be lack of consistency. Even a one per cent edge, though, you know, you take away the spread and you take away all that other noise I just mentioned. You need to become the casino if you have no edge. You have nothing. And that, I would say, is the most important principle to learn from this whole course. Some of you might have already known that, but at least you know we get on the same page before we move into some of the other great stuff that we're about to cover.