Now, Edge is the only thing that matters, then what do we need to find? Well, we need to find an edge and that's what I'm going to talk about here. So the number one edge that I want to speak about first is your strategy and your strategy needs a couple of things that come with it. It will need a signal, it will need an entry for that signal and it will need an exit. And so what strategy are we going to deploy here for a bot? Well, as you probably already know from the title of this course, we are doing statistical arbitrage. Now, let's spend some time just talking about statistical arbitrage. I'm not going to go into it in detail yet, but essentially what we're going to be doing. Rather than relying on predicting whether a market will go up or market will go sideways or a market will go down rather than any of that, we're not going to do any of that. All right. So you can you can ignore all of that for now. What are we going to be doing then? Well, we are going to be using arbitrage. And so, you know, normally arbitrage is where you buy something in one location and you sell it for more in another location, right? You take advantage of mispricing in the market. Well, what we do with statistical arbitrage is where pricing has diverged from its statistical what what it has done statistically in the past. Then what we do is we take advantage of that. So when it diverts a lot from its average, from its mean statistical type, I don't want to say trend, but its price action, then what we do is we step in and we don't do it for one crypto or one stock. We do it for two. We do it through pairs trading. And so what does that mean? While you look at this here, you know, Medicare is an excuse. These are two of the coins you'll be working with in this course. But you know, these are very highly integrated. In fact, the spread and the reason I can tell you they so well integrated because there's the spread and I'm not going to spend too much time because I'm going to go more into integration and arbitrage and all of that, you know, you know, in a short while. But what I don't need to tell you is we have chosen our strategy. Our strategy is Penney's trading strategy is statistical arbitrage using pairs trading and we or pairs trading using statistical arbitrage, I should say. And the goal here is, you know, when prices are, for example, when prices are far apart, like they are here, the goal is to, you know, go short on one long and the other. And when they converge, like they've done here to close that position and you know, essentially any time the the spread is diverting, the spread simply just means the difference between these two prices multiplied by something called a hedge ratio. But long story short, the spread basically means, you know, what is the distance between these two assets? And, you know, usually if this hovers around zero, it's very much tradeable. And so we then take the spread and we calculate what's called a Z score, and the Z score tells us, you know, how much that spread has moved relative to itself in the past. That's what our Z score here is doing. It's say it's you can picture it like an elastic band and we'll talk more on that. But I want to ask you a question if I draw a chart for you here and you know it can be something that follows a random walk. Would you rather predict what this will do next in terms of price direction? Or would you rather trade something that looks, you know, more like this if this is the average line? Right. This is more this is called station parity, right? This is something which is more stationary and it's much easier to predict what I would buy here. I would sell here, I would short there, I would close my short here, I would buy here. I would sell here much easier to predict. And that is the power of statistics. And that's what we are getting here. We have a slight statistical edge because we know these two things are tied together. Look at this opportunity right now right here. In fact, this came up yesterday, I believe. So we've got this, you know, big jump up here in the spread of Z-score here, as you know, gone up. And now, you know, we have this get a signal. And when the price, if the prices come back together again, you know, or whenever that takes it might, you know, it's like wild, happen up here, whatever you know, we get out of our trade. So we got our strategy. We've got our entry, you know, which is going to be based on Z-score. Talk more about that. And we've got our exit because that's also based on Z-score. So the entry and exit is based on our signal and how we enter and exit in terms of position, size, et cetera. Well, as we're building the bot, you will see we go more into that.