All right, cool, so we know what strategy we're going to go with with going with arbitrage. And again, we'll talk more about the strategy because we have a whole section on that. But right now we need to continue just focusing first on trading principles before we get into the detail of, you know, some of the price stuff we just looked at. And one of the questions that comes up and it's a very good question is how much should I put on a given trade? You know, if I have a $1000, $100, $10000, whatever it is, how much of my capital should I risk on any given trade? And the good news for you is I have a formula that will tell you exactly that, and I wish I could take credit for it, but I can't. Now, before I show you the formula because again, we're going to jump into excel. The first thing I want to talk about here is a scenario of either winning or losing your money. And you know, I want to give you two scenarios here. One, you know, I've calculated for you over here, which is scenario one, and it says here that, you know, you start with $100 and let's say you place a trade and you had monumental success. You've got 10 percent return on your trade and that means your capital is now at, you know, $110, right? The message is straightforward 100 times. One point one gives you $110. Now, if you look at scenario two, let's say the opposite happened, right? Let's say you lost 10 percent on your trade and that means, you know, you're now at $90 and you know, there's nothing funny about that. There's no funny math going on. That is just how it is. Now, what percentage return? And just think about this for a moment. Some of you will know this already. Others will be like me and ready. Scratch their heads because my maths was never, you know, never my strong suit. So don't worry if you don't get this right, because I didn't. And now I'm teaching a course with it embedded. So there you go. But, you know, let's say you lost 10 percent. What percentage return do you need to get on your $90 to get back to $100 to recover your loss? What percentage return do you need? And the answer for that is not 10 percent. You need to get eleven point one, two percent. In order to get back to 100. And the reason for that is because you're buying power. You just lost your buying power and you're losing buying power here. Think of it in those terms or think of it in any way that makes sense to you. $90 has to work harder to get $100 than $100 has to work to get $110. And you know, that's not an opinion. It's just math, right? That's just the math. That's just the way it adds up. So the moral of the story here, you know, rule number one is don't lose money. Rule number one is don't lose money. Rule number two is don't forget rule number one. You can tell them having too much fun. I enjoy teaching, don't I? It's it's fun. But that's the truth. You don't lose money when you lose money. You know, things are upsetting. And you know, it can be very disheartening. And you can have a lot of hopes and dreams that you get excited about or a partner that you're talking to about it. And, you know, then it doesn't come through and you left. And by the way, I'm just I'm just describing things I've been through and you left looking like an idiot. Don't lose money when you lose money. Things on fun. When you make money, things are great, right? So, so rule number one, don't lose money. Rule number two, don't forget rule number one. But that still doesn't answer the question. What is the best? What is the most optimum amount of money to wager on any given trade? Well, this is when we're going to talk about the Kelly criterion. So let's jump into excel. You've got the workbook in your resources folder, and I will show you exactly how to think about position sizing for your trades. OK, so hopefully you've got the spreadsheet open and it doesn't matter if you don't, because frankly, this is something you can just, you know, you can just watch if you want to. But here we have a formula called the Kelly Criterion. And if you want to know how I came up with the actual formula, I just actually follow this blog post about it. But there's many, you know, there's many examples of the Kelly criteria. So again, I've got some random price calculations. We'll look at the charts in a moment. But what is the Kelly criteria? Well, first of all, the Kelly criterion really came from a chap called John Kelly. I believe he worked for Bell Labs and he was working on. I think it was something for telecommunications, for AT&T. But nonetheless, he's come up with the perfect formula that can determine based on your probability and your profit and loss payout. What is the optimum amount of percentage of your capital that you should wager on any given bet? Now, I'm not talking about betting still. Well, again, it's really not very different to the financial markets. I look at it as almost identical in many ways. And you know, this formula has been deployed by many famous traders. I think I even read that Warren Buffett uses the Kelly Criterion as well. I could be wrong, but you know, that's something you can read up in research if you want to. And also, Hudson, in terms of my cousin Jack, for those of you who follow the crypto is its channel. You know, Hudson and Thames, there videos are excellent. I think they might have one on the Kelly Criterion. It's very, very advanced. You know, sometimes it's, you know, it's just so good that I have to actually spend time to think about it, to find, you know, to squeeze every single drop out of that good stuff that you know, they teach online as well. So I don't know any channel, by the way, better than my cousins, Hudson attempts. They're very advanced in what they do. They're a level above me. So if you think what I'm doing here is cool, you'll love that channel. But anyway, you know enough of me talking about my cousin, which I've been doing a lot lately. I'm just very proud of what he's what he's built before for retail traders. But, you know, in terms of the Kelly Criterion side, it's very kind of straightforward. You know, there's a formula here. You can use it in Excel. And you know, here's the formula. I've taken it from the blog above, and the probability of a win is 50 50 right in the scenario. And so what I've got here is I've got a number of percentages. I've got 15 percent, eight percent. I've got this one here in. I'll put it in blue for you. This is the Kelly Criterion percent, the one in blue. Right now it's saying zero and I've got one percent, right? So these ones here I came up with, you know, in terms of what percentage of capital? Here I have a bunch of random trades, so you can see I have a random formula. The result is that if this formula is above the losing percentage, then it's one. Otherwise it's a zero. And so this is purely random. It's 50 50 at the moment right now. What would happen if I decided to go in with 50 50 odds, right? What would the Kelly Criterion tell me to do? Well, if I scroll to the right and I look down on this chart, the zero percent, which is the Kelly Criterion, it's the Green Line. It says don't wager anything, and it's correct. It would be correct in saying that because look at what happens if we wagered, say, 15 percent of our. Capital here on the blue line, right, this is the blue line, that's the 15 percent because of how quickly we lose all our money with, you know, by call it, I don't know, 400 trades. You've lost all your money and the orange line is eight percent. That's more like death by a thousand, cuts by 880 trades or 900 trades. You've lost all your money. And then the one percent one here. We still lost all our money. So 50 50 odds don't trade because you're going to lose your money. And you know, a lot of that is while I believe it could be my mess, which is completely wrong, I believe it's because once you lose money, it's much harder to get it back. Now what happens here is if we put this to 49 per cent right now, it's saying minus percent. So this is just nonsense. It can't work like that, but the Kerry Criterion works for what if the odds are in your favor? So now what if I put it to 51 percent and you know, the profit and loss payout is 100 versus 100 here, and that's basically saying your payouts the same. But if you change your payout based on the probability, you will get a different percentage here. But you know, I would say for safety reasons, just keep this at one hundred and 100, if you really understand the formula and what it's doing. Come and play with us. But look at this, it's telling me two percent. That's the optimal amount to bet. And no doubt I am still alive at two percent and in fact, one percent. I'm also still alive, in fact, over a thousand trades because this is based on a thousand trades, we've ended up the same. And, you know, my 15 percent over here, it lasted me longer because I had a slight edge. I still lost all my money and my eight percent one year, I nearly lost all my money, right? So there's a reason why people tell you and they are correct. Do not over. Extend your capital in any given trade. If you're not sure how much capital one percent, OK, rule of the thumb, rule of thumb, if you're not sure how much capital and you don't want to bother with a Formula one percent, there you go. That's your number. If you want the optimal amount of capital, it's the Kelly Criterion now. Actually, that's not strictly true because you do also have what's called the fractional Kelly Criterion, which I believe one gentleman online was saying. He took 33 percent of whatever the Kelly criterion is. So if the Kelly Criterion was saying, you know, do one percent, you would do 0.33 percent. So, you know, realistically, you actually, when it comes to trading, take an even more hedged view because it's not exactly betting in terms of the payout and the, you know, the way it works is somewhat different. And it also depends on your entry and your exit and your probabilities and all of that. So you know you might want to hedge yourself anyway. So if the Kelly Criterion is coming up with two percent, maybe just take one percent. But the point is if, if by taking you through this section here of the course of this tutorial, if the point of this has stopped you and convinced you that you know, going and placing trades that are above the Kelly criterion in terms of percentage of your capital, if it's convinced you, that's a bad idea, then it's done its job. I've saved you money in the long run and I feel really good about them. You know, this is just the math and this is random stuff here. You know, these prices are random. If you're number one, you need an edge. That's true. But if you over capitalize your trades, you can lose your money going to lose your money. And I have seen this, you know, times where the chart spikes up. You make, you know, thousands of pounds and then you lose it all. Right, but the Kelly Criterion. Nope, not with that Kelly criterion, OK. But now let's see what happens when we go and improve our odds. Let's put this to 55 percent. Well, now something really crazy happens. You know, your blue line goes absolutely nuts. So in other words, if you can get a five percent edge, bet everything. Bet everything you got. Bet the 50 percent. Well, not everything, right, but the Kelly criteria. And still, it's looking really strong. Right. This is the optimal in terms of managing a risk amount. A bet one percent doesn't make any sense. So the higher your probability of success, the higher your edge, the more you want to wager. Kelly criteria in this case is saying do 10 percent. Now, how do you know what probability to put in here? Well, you don't. You don't. And so I'm going to give you a general rule of thumb here. Put in 51 percent and in that case, you know, maximum two percent of your capital point three, three percent if you want to be really prudent somewhere between that range. Do not overextend yourself in terms of the amount of capital you put on a trade. I've just proven to you why in every scenario and the chart keeps changing in every scenario, you're going to lose your money in every single one unless you follow the one percent, you know, between the point three, three percent to the two percent. That's right. If you follow those, you're going to you're going to live to fight another day. This is just the reality of the math. Why do traders lose money? Why do ninety five percent of traders lose money? Because the odds are number one against them and number two, they have no idea about the math and the probability behind making a losing money. And now that you've gone through this part of the course, now that you've seen this and you know exactly what's going on, you're not going to be fooled. If you find reality, a therapist told me this once, actually, if you fight reality, reality always wins, right? You fight reality. It always wins. Don't fight reality. Don't fight the math, the math is the reality, I'm giving you the reality here. I don't want anybody pulling the wool over your eyes. Not me, not anybody. Because you now have the math, right? You can you know about Kelly Criterion. You know about probability. You know about random walks. Anyone, you will be able to spot someone talking nonsense online a million miles away now, and you'll be able to say mathematically, you're wrong. Here's why. Right. And you'll know not to spend your time, you know, wasting your time with that person's information or paying the money they're going to ask you for for some ridiculous course on trading that you know you basically lose all your money. Just don't do it. Now that you've seen this, you don't ever have to have that pain. And we've I've been there, by the way, I've spent thousands of dollars trying to learn things and realized all of it was a waste of money. So there you go. I hope that was something that's very, very useful for you that will tell you how to think about the percentage capital you put in. Now with the but I'm not paying any attention to this really right? I don't tell you how much total capital I have with the. But I focus more on execution, on trying to get filled. But you know, you need to be thinking about how much capital you're putting into a trade. And if you are someone who has a small amount of capital, let's say you've got $250 to trade, right? If you have less than that, don't even bother. Don't even start. But if you got $250 to trade off real money and you've done about and you've tested it and you want to go in, I actually say you're a lucky person because you can trade lower liquidity, you know, higher probability type cryptos in statistical arbitrage. And your positions are much like the much more likely to get filled on limit orders because they're of a much smaller size and because you will be following this criterion on much lower amounts of capital. So, you know, just bear that in mind. What is it about limited market orders? It makes sense. Yet if that's something you don't have experience in, it'll make a lot more sense in the trading section of this course. But I hope you got a lot out of that. I love this. You know, when I came across this, it was like a revelation. So enjoy it. And I hope it definitely helps you on your way to becoming profitable in your trading journey.